Gutach: Even more safety for pedestrians
They are not even 100 metres apart: On Tuesday, the new B 33 pedestrian traffic lights at the village car park in Gutach were put into operation - within sight of the older town hall traffic lights.
Two installations so close together: intention or foolish coup?
This question was clearly answered by Gutach's mayor yesterday.
"The town hall ramp was installed at that time because it secures the way to school," Eckert explained yesterday.
The Kluser traffic lights protect cyclists, bus passengers and the inhabitants of Bergle.
The plant, which officially went into operation yesterday, is important for the Sulzbachweg/Kirchstraße intersection.
We have the museum, two churches, the spa gardens, the bus stop, a doctor and a bank, as well as the traffic flow from the residential area 'Grub'.
"With the high volume of traffic and pedestrians, another traffic light had to be installed for their safety," says Eckert.
This is also confirmed by Peter Arnold from the Offenburg District Office.
"According to current measurements on the B 33, around 12,000 vehicles pass through the community of Gutach every day, about ten percent of which are heavy goods vehicles," emphasizes Arnold.
Therefore, the construction of another traffic light is more than necessary: "Safety simply takes precedence here," said Arnold.
A total of four traffic shows had been carried out, and a roundabout was also considered, but was rejected due to the narrowness of the Sulzbachweg/Kirchstraße intersection.
According to Arnold, everything was tested when choosing the location of the traffic light poles: "Using a transporter loaded with particularly long logs especially for us, we tested whether these vehicles could drive out of Sulzbachweg onto the B 33 without bending the traffic light poles.
The traffic light system itself, which costs around 15,000 euros, is "the most modern system currently available on the market," explained Arnold.
The system is equipped with colored LEDs that shine so brightly that the lights are clearly visible to drivers, for example, even when the sun is low.
And it is also economical: the older lighting systems consume around 100 watts, the new ones just eight watts.
There are three lighting systems per direction of travel.
Arnold explained the technology of the new facility: "It is equipped with two radar sensors.
When the pedestrian presses the traffic light button, the upper radar sensor tests the traffic situation.
If the road is clear, green is immediately available for pedestrians, if not, it takes about 15 seconds.
Another radar sensor checks whether the green phase can be ended for the pedestrian.
"If a group or people with walking disabilities cross the road, the green phase is extended, so everyone can cross the road safely," Arnold explained.
Of course, the driver has to think along as a partner here and observe the road.
This was not the case yesterday: the pedestrian traffic light had barely turned green when a luxury class vehicle rushed through - in bright red.
Josef Winkler has been writing the hardships of his childhood and youth from his soul for more than 30 years.
The catastrophes of his Catholic village childhood - the speechlessness, the tendency to brute violence and dull sexuality, the narrowness and joylessness - have been described many times by the Carinthian poet.
The Büchner Prize winner is best known as a prose author, and theatre texts are rare in his work.
Collage of Prose Texts Gerhard Fresacher is therefore putting together a collage of prose texts for his performance "Wetterleuchten auf der Zungenspitze" (Weather Lights on the Tip of the Tongue), which can now be seen in Garage X on St. Peter's Square.
The theatremaker combines elements from the autobiographically influenced novel "The Serf" (1987) with prose miniatures from "Corpse Stalking His Family" (2003).
On the largely cleared stage - an important prop: a crumpled sofa on which copulation and masturbation are alluded to - the eight-member ensemble shuffles through the text material.
Yet director Fresacher seems to have little faith in the text.
The 70-minute performance whitewashes the template with a wealth of directorial ideas, familiar from the repertoire of post-dramatic forms of play.
Especially the actresses get their turn with the sometimes somewhat questionable scenic realizations.
They are touched hard, dipped their heads under water, stapled to the wall with their evening gowns.
Crammed into cellophane or bodice, they stalk through the production on dangerously high sticks, either monologuing loudly or lying on the stage floor completely silent.
However, the text hardly conveys itself in this exerted manner.
The evening has its best moments when singing - the spectrum ranges from Deep Purple to folk songs.
Only towards the end does the overexcited performance calm down a bit, and Winkler's downright absurd humor comes to the fore.
A black box in the car?
US road planners are looking for a source of money to repair the decaying highway system and believe they have found the solution in a small black box that fits into the dashboard of every car.
The devices that record every kilometre driven and report the information to the authorities are at the heart of a controversial attempt by Washington and state planning offices to revise the outdated system for financing US roads.
The normally rather boring field of road planning has suddenly sparked an intense debate with colourful alliances.
Liberals have allied with environmental groups and are advocating that the government can use the small boxes to record the kilometres driven - and possibly where they were driven - and then use the information to calculate tax assessments.
The Tea Party is appalled.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) is also deeply concerned and expresses a number of data protection concerns.
But while no agreement can be reached in Congress, several states are no longer waiting.
They are currently examining how they can switch to a system in which drivers pay per mile driven over the next ten years.
Thousands of drivers have already tested the tachographs, some of which are equipped with GPS monitoring.
This is really a must for our country.
"It's not something we're just possibly going to use," said Hasan Ikhrata, executive director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments, which plans to record the miles driven by all California drivers in the state from 2025.
The way we pay these taxes will change.
The technology is there.
The initiative comes at a time when the Highway Trust Fund, which is financed by the taxes Americans pay at the gas pump, is broke.
But in America they don't fill up as much as they used to.
Cars consume less fuel.
The state mineral oil tax of 18.4 cents per gallon (less than 4 eurocents per liter) has not increased for 20 years.
Politicians do not dare to raise the tax even by one cent when fuel prices are high.
"The gasoline tax is simply not sustainable," says Lee Munnich, an expert on traffic legislation at the University of Minnesota.
His state recently equipped 500 cars with tachographs to test a mileage-based payment system.
"This represents the most sensible alternative in the long term," he said.
Bureaucrats call it a mileage-based user fee.
Not surprisingly, the idea is popular with urban liberals, as the tax could be used, for example, to influence driving behaviour in such a way as to reduce congestion and climate-damaging exhaust gases.
California's planners are using the system to develop strategies to meet the state's ambitious statutory climate change goals.
But Pennsylvania Republican Bill Shuster, chairman of the House Transportation Committee, has also stated that he sees this as the most viable long-term alternative.
The independent marketers of the Reason Foundation are also taken with the idea of letting drivers pay according to the distance covered.
"This is not a tax that disappears into a black hole," explains Adrian Moore, vice president of policy at Reason.
People pay directly for what they get.
The movement is also supported by two former US Secretaries of Transportation, who in a report in 2011 called on Congress to move towards mileage-based billing.
Last year, the US Senate approved a $90 million pilot project that would have included 10,000 cars.
But the majority in the House of Representatives blocked the move, responding to concerns expressed by rural MPs representing people who often have to travel many miles to work or the city on a daily basis.
Nevertheless, several states and large cities are moving in this direction on their own initiative.
Oregon is the most committed, currently recruiting 5,000 drivers for the country's largest experiment.
These drivers will soon be paying the mileage fees to the state instead of the mineral oil tax.
Nevada has already completed a pilot project.
New York City is also considering such a system.
Illinois is testing it with trucks to a limited extent.
And the I-95 coalition, which includes the transportation departments of 17 states on the East Coast (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida), is currently investigating how the amendment could be introduced.
The concept is not a universal hit.
In Nevada, where 50 volunteers were recently equipped with the devices, motorists were skeptical that the government could track their every move.
"Concerns about Big Brother and things like that were a big problem," says Alauddin Khan, head of strategy and results management at the Nevada Department of Transportation.
People didn't want it.
When the test started, the ACLU of Nevada warned on its website: "It would be relatively easy to turn the tachographs into full-fledged surveillance devices."
There would be no need to build a gigantic, bulky technological infrastructure that would inevitably be used to collect data on the daily movements of individuals.
Nevada is one of a number of states that are now looking for affordable technology that will allow the state to track the kilometers driven, but not exactly when and where.
This, according to Khan, would also reassure the public.
The hunt for this technology has led some authorities to a small startup company called True Mileage in California.
The company did not originally set out to help states with the taxation of motorists.
Rather, their goal was to gain a foothold in an emerging market for motor insurance where drivers would pay on the basis of miles driven.
But the devices she tested are also interesting for road planners, because they do not work with GPS and only provide limited information that is regularly uploaded via modem.
"People are more willing to participate if their speed and locations are not recorded," said Ryan Morrison, managing director of True Mileage.
Major mistakes were made in some of these public pilot programmes.
There are much cheaper and less intrusive ways to do this.
In Oregon, planners are experimenting with giving motorists a range of choices.
You can choose a device with or without GPS.
Or they may choose no device at all and instead pay a flat fee based on the average miles driven by all residents of the state.
Other bodies hope to sell the concept to a suspicious public by equipping the devices with more functions than with fewer.
In New York City, traffic officials want to develop a device for taxation that will also allow parking fees to be paid, insurance to be paid only for kilometers driven, and speed data from other vehicles to be collected in real time, allowing drivers to avoid traffic jams.
"Drivers would be motivated to participate by the added value of the benefits offered by the system," says a city planning document.
However, some traffic planners wonder if all this talk about paying per mile is not just a huge diversionary tactic.
At the Metropolitan Transportation Commission for the San Francisco Bay area, officials said Congress could solve the problem of the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund simply by raising fuel taxes.
An additional one-off fee or an annual levy could be imposed on drivers of hybrid vehicles or other vehicles with low fuel consumption so that they too pay a fair share.
"There is no reason to have surgery if an aspirin is sufficient," said Randy Rentschler, the Commission's Director of Legislation and Public Affairs.
When we do, hundreds of millions of motorists worry about their privacy and many other things.
Königsfeld: Small team is doing well
The volunteer fire brigade mastered its autumn main rehearsal with flying colours despite a lack of personnel.
Only eleven men participated in the exercise.
In his exercise acceptance, department commander Hans Kammerer had chosen the Feder estate in Burgberger Straße.
A short circuit is said to have occurred there during sawing.
Two people were injured by the resulting fire and smoke, but one of them was still able to send an emergency call.
After Hans Kammerer's first examination of the situation, two weir respirators prepared to enter the building.
After a short time the first person was found and escorted outside.
The second person had to be carried.
This was not so easy, because there was also a narrow staircase to overcome.
The building, a workshop with integrated stables for two horses, was not easy to secure.
There was a lot of wood and also bales of straw stored in it.
There were also electric machines for woodworking.
The first extinguishing attack was via the tank in the vehicle.
A further pipeline was laid via an above-ground hydrant about 100 metres away.
Now three firefighting attacks could be designed.
A hollow jet pipe was also used in the building.
Hans Kammerer's aim in the exercise was also to show what can be achieved with limited personnel.
In case of emergency, support is provided by the Königsfeld day task force.
The commander was satisfied with the course of the exercise.
Networking of universities and companies important
During his visit to the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, the president of the state parliament, Guido Wolf, also visited Titisee-Neustadt to find out where the workers of tomorrow will come from.
At the Support Centre Hochschwarzwald he investigated this important question together with the managing directors of the vocational schools and the district grammar school and the chairmen of the parents' council.
"Education is an important location factor," emphasized Claudia Stehle, director of the Hans-Thoma-School, who presented the networked school project Bildungszentrum Hochschwarzwald.
Wolf was impressed by the model projects for training.
Since 2011 there has been a successful cooperation between the support centre, the district grammar school and the vocational school centre in the forest town.
He also praised the family friendliness in the district.
"It is important not only to keep an eye on the family phase, but due to demographic change, it is also important to focus on the phase around caring for relatives," Wolf explained.
He also mentioned that more and more employees were taking care of their relatives.
"Without the support of the employers, the resulting burden on the employees can lead to a termination of the employment relationship," Wolf said.
But no one can afford to lose qualified workers, he continued.
A further, particularly important factor is the networking of universities and companies.
"For those who have already become acquainted with the advantages of the region during their studies often remain in the regional economy with their acquired knowledge and skills, which contributes to the strengthening of the region", the president of the state parliament expressed his conviction.
For only if sufficient training places were offered could the demand for skilled workers be met.
In his opinion, the advantage of the district's location is its advantageous position in the southwest of Germany, in close proximity to France and Switzerland.
In addition, on his train journey from Titisee-Neustadt to Freiburg, he experienced the efforts already made to expand local public transport.
"Continue to persevere and ensure that public transport is improved," he said to the local politicians present.
Experience an entertaining afternoon with music
For 15 years now, the Kaul family has been inviting the Dietingen senior citizens to coffee, cake and then a snack.
In the past, the older citizens were served in the rest area.
Meanwhile, this afternoon takes place in the St. Josef nursing home.
The home residents were looking forward to the delicious cakes and tarts.
Later we had sausage salad.
Silvia Kimmich-Bantle and her father Karl Kimmich entertained with common melodies.
The more than 100-year-old natural stone wall as the front demarcation of the old schoolyard, which is about to be renovated, to Kirchstraße is to be included in the renovation cost plan of the city of Bräunlingen once again.
In the days before the Kilbig, a small angle wall was installed during the first work of the renovation of the front schoolyard, to stabilize and statically relieve the more than one hundred year old natural stone wall with balustrade.
According to Alexander Misok of the Bräunlingen city planning office, the further procedure is to involve the State Office for Monument Protection in the planning and to draw up a restoration concept for the old wall.
Afterwards, a cost calculation is to be carried out by experts, which is then to be presented to the local council for decision and determination of the further procedure.
A decision on this will probably be made as early as next year.
After the renovation, paving and planting of trees in the old school courtyard within the two side wings of the school built in 1912, the boundary wall in need of renovation will have to be completely repaired in the foreseeable future and placed on a new foundation.
The historical, one hundred year old boundary wall of the old schoolyard to Kirchstraße is in need of renovation, mainly due to water and frost damage, as there is no drainage, and has an arched slope to the front.
Deep cracks in individual stones are evidence of weather damage, but the wall is not currently in danger of collapsing.
A stable wall is a prerequisite for a schoolyard used by pupils, which has been achieved by the current fortification work.
Originally, the schoolyard renovation was even planned for 2008/2009, but high unplanned expenditures caused a postponement.
An important word in the historical school wall restoration, which has even been used for filming, will be spoken by the State Monument Office.
If specifications should come from this side, the city of Bräunlingen hopes for subsidies from the monument conservationists.
The pupils of the Bräunlingen primary school, who are now again taught in a well renovated old school building with a new assembly hall, will soon be able to use the old schoolyard.
Özdemir wants to receive jazz training in Stuttgart
Cem Özdemir, Federal Chairman of the Green Party, has now also joined the ongoing discussions on the future of music academies in Baden-Württemberg.
"I think it is wrong to give up the holistic education at the Stuttgart University of Music," Özdemir told the "Stuttgarter Nachrichten".
Jazz and classical music belong together, especially at the jazz location Stuttgart.
In doing so, Özdemir, who is considered the favourite for a direct mandate in Stuttgart in the federal elections on 22 September, is contradicting the Green-Red state government.
On the basis of an expert study, this is forcing a reorganisation of the five music universities in Baden-Württemberg.
According to this plan, among other things, the Jazz and Pop course of study will be transferred from the Stuttgart University of Music to the Mannheim University of Music.
US border: "Super tunnel" for drug smuggling discovered
At the border between Mexico and the USA, investigators have discovered and shut down a "super tunnel" for drug smuggling.
According to the US customs authorities, the more than 500 metre long tube between Tijuana and San Diego was equipped with electricity, rail tracks and a ventilation system.
Three suspects were arrested, eight tons of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine were confiscated.
According to the information provided, the tunnel had not yet been put into use.
"These cartels are stupid if they think they can dig themselves under the radar," said Southern California District Attorney General Laura Duffy at a press conference outside a San Diego warehouse where one end of the tunnel was discovered.
Addressing the drug gangs, Duffy assured: "If you continue to build such tunnels and try to use them, we are determined to make this a huge waste of your dirty money".
Both the US authorities and the Mexican security forces are in a constant struggle against the drug cartels.
Since 2006, more than 77,000 people have been killed in Mexico in connection with drug-related crime.
Designed by experts
Because of the elaborate equipment of the tunnel, investigators assume that it was designed by architects and engineers and that construction took about a year.
The track system was equipped in such a way that electrically operated cars could be used there.
On the Mexican side, the access is in a building 80 meters from the border.
According to the authorities, a ladder leads 20 metres down to the actual tunnel entrance.
The tunnel has a cross-section of 1.20 metres in height and 90 centimetres in width.
It would thus have been suitable for promoting illegal immigration to the USA.
Two of the suspects were arrested in connection with the discovery of cocaine.
The third, a Mexican, was arrested for confiscating marijuana.
All three are threatened with life imprisonment as the maximum penalty, according to officials.
Since 2006, eight such tunnels have been discovered, the press conference in San Diego went on to say.
However, it was the first time that cocaine had been found in such a tunnel construction.
Cocaine is usually smuggled in small quantities and not through tunnels.
This shows the "desperation" of the drug gangs, whose traditional routes are now cut off, said Bill Sherman of the DEA in San Diego.
They would do anything to get into the United States.
No details were released on the detainees, at least one was said to be Mexican.
You can expect prison sentences of up to ten years.
2014 becomes Geisinger festival year
The anniversary of the town of Geisingen on the occasion of the 1250.
Return of the first documentary mention comes closer and closer.
When the year comes to an end in a good eight weeks, the Jubilee Year will begin.
Geisingen and Kirchen-Hausen were first mentioned together in a document in 794.
In churches a document was made in which both places are mentioned.
On 15 March there is to be an official start to the anniversary year, and since Geisingen does not currently have a hall, this kick-off event will take place in the place where both were first mentioned 1250 years ago, in Kirchen-Hausen.
In the context of the anniversary several events are planned both in Geisingen and in Kirchen-Hausen.
Kirchen-Hausen will celebrate the 1250th anniversary of the founding of the church in July on a festive weekend from 18 to 20 July.
Celebrate your return.
On Friday with a ceremony, on Saturday and Sunday with a festival around the Kirchtalhalle.
On this festive weekend there is also the Kirchen-Hausener Kirchenfest.
On the occasion of the jubilee, director of municipal music Rudolf Barth has written a commissioned composition for the city, which will be performed on three dates.
On 21 June together with the Black Forest Association's midsummer celebration, on 12 July in the Arena with fireworks and on 13 December as the first concert of the Stadtmusik in the new Festhalle.
This will be completed and inaugurated in the anniversary year, the official date is on the last weekend of September, on 27 and 28 September.
On the occasion of the Geisinger city anniversary a new chronicle will be published.
"However, it should not only be a chronicle of Geisingen itself, but also a printed work about the Geisingen of today, which consists of Geisingen, Kirchen-Hausen, Leipferdingen, Aulfingen and Gutmadingen", said Mayor Walter Hengstler.
And the Geisingen of today also celebrates its birthday in 2014, in 1974 the current area was completed with the incorporation of the villages.
The new chronicle will then be presented on November 21 or 22 in the new festival hall in Geisingen.
But 2014 is also a year with many other anniversaries.
The Strohglonki jesters' guild begins on 8 February with a customary evening on the occasion of its 60th anniversary, the Harmonie Gutmadingen turns 90 and has its banquet on 29 March and then celebrates the district music festival from 1 to 4 May.
The Altenwerk Leipferdingen will be 40 years old, the Geising school has been at its new location for 50 years and will celebrate this on 10 May, the Musikverein Polyhymnia Leipferdingen will be 150 years old and will celebrate this during the fountain festival from 4 to 7 July.
The town of Geisingen was first mentioned in a deed of donation, which is in the possession of the St. Gallen monastery, in 764.
The document was made in churches (Hausen), which at that time was the place of jurisdiction.
Both municipalities are therefore mentioned in the same document.
Reason to celebrate this 1250th anniversary in 2014 accordingly, in addition the municipal reform is 40 years behind.
Council sets its sights on track systems
Should the level crossing "Am Hirschen" be extensively rebuilt to increase traffic safety?
Yes, the town councils have decided
Schiltach has to spend 220,000 euros on this.
Deutsche Bahn wants to improve the Kinzigtal railway line next year.
In particular, safety at level crossings is to be increased - trains regularly collide with other vehicles throughout Germany.
If the municipalities agree to the reconstruction measures, they must contribute one third of the costs, the rest is shared by the railway and the federal government.
Schiltach's master builder Roland Grießhaber explained the special features of the "Am Hirschen" railroad crossing to the municipal council.
There, the city plans to build a bulge at the level of the tunnel mouth to the west of the railway tracks.
Larger vehicles, for example those transporting long logs, could also be parked there in oncoming traffic without having to block the tracks.
Grießhaber therefore suggested that a necessary retaining wall should be constructed so that the city could widen the adjoining road in due course to ensure a smooth flow of traffic.
This was controversially discussed in the local council, as some council members questioned the necessity of road distribution: Thomas Kipp summed up the mood of the critics with his statement: "Do we have to spend so much money because of so few vehicles?
Mayor Thomas Haas contradicted: The railway crossing "Hirschen" is regularly used for long timber transports.
Even timber from the "Kuhbach" area is partly transported over this route, because the vehicles, which are up to 20 metres long, cannot use the route at the Häberlesbrücke bridge, because they cannot turn into the main road there.
In addition, the route serves as a diversion for those vehicles that are not allowed to use the tunnel when the main road is closed, Haas argued.
Since it was foreseeable that the Kirchberg and Schlossberg tunnels would have to be rebuilt and renovated, as is currently the case in Wolfach, the "Am Hirschen" level crossing could also be of major traffic significance for a longer period of time.
The councils agreed to have the costs of the proposed widening of the road examined.
Nevertheless, the majority of the participants agreed to the reconstruction of the level crossing with the proviso that the necessary retaining wall be built in such a way that the city could extend the adjacent street in the direction of "Bahnhofstraße" to about 5.5 metres for encounter traffic if necessary.
The reconstruction of the level crossing at the Trautwein tannery, on the other hand, could lead to a completely different problem concerning the access to the steeply rising "Geroltzhäuser Weg".
The administration had had the rebuilding plans of the railway examined by the Breinlinger engineering office, as they had doubts as to whether the planned connection of the Geroltzhäuser Weg would then still be possible without further ado.
The investigation concluded that it could not be excluded that the gradient of the road could lead to longer vehicles being mounted.
The responsibility for this, in turn, rests with the city as the road construction authority.
The conversion could therefore lead to liability disputes.
Since both the timber removal and the turning functioned in the current state of expansion, one should not agree to the reconstruction of the level crossing, Haas argued.
The risk of a collision between the train and a vehicle standing on the level crossing is also significantly lower at this point than at the other level crossings, because the central stopping point is located directly next to it, with which there is a good line of sight.
Even trains coming from the main station would have to be braked to a point where there is no danger of collision.
The majority of the councils refused to give their approval to the reconstruction of this level crossing, as the city of Schiltach would have to "take the brunt of the problem with vehicles sitting on it", according to the councils, as the railway could withdraw from responsibility once the construction work was completed.
The committee considers the conversions at the level crossings "Vor Heubach" and "Vor Kuhbach", for which crossing agreements have already been made with the railway, to be unproblematic.
Esa decides on large space missions: Missions for billions
Distant planets, gravitational waves or black holes - experts from the European Space Agency must now agree on two major projects that they want to launch in the next few years.
There were 30 proposals to choose from, five are still in the running.
Distant worlds.
Astronomers have already found more than 1000 planets near other stars.
Whether there are lives on at least some of them, nobody knows.
The choice is difficult: Should one search for gravitational waves?
Or would you rather explore the origin of the cosmos?
Or search for Earth-like planets and perhaps discover alien life?
These are the very questions that are being asked by those responsible at the European Space Agency Esa.
For their "Cosmic Vision" programme, they are looking for ideas for two major space projects that are intended to give a decisive boost to research.
The budget for such "L missions" is about one billion euros each.
The launch is expected to be in 2028 and 2034.
In early September, the elite of European space research met in Paris to discuss proposals for such missions.
30 ideas were up for debate, five of which have now been shortlisted.
Numerous committees evaluate the proposals and follow up with the researchers.
A final decision is expected to be made by the scientific program committee in the next few days.
The Esa has selected a total of four major questions to which the missions of the "Cosmic Vision" programme initiated in 2007 are to find answers.
What are the conditions for the formation of planets and life?
The exact processes involved in the formation of stars from large gas clouds - and thus also the formation of planets orbiting these stars - are still in the proverbial dark.
A large infrared telescope in space could penetrate this darkness.
And if a star has planets, under what circumstances can life develop there?
In order to investigate this question, the "Cheops" space telescope is to be launched in 2017, with which 500 already known planetary systems in our immediate vicinity will be examined more closely.
But the possibilities are limited, Cheops is a small mission with a budget of 150 million euros.
With larger instruments, astronomers could map Earth-like planets and even analyse the composition of their atmospheres in search of "biomarkers": Gases which are considered to be an indication of biological activity.
How does the solar system work?
This question, too, is ultimately intended to shed light on the preconditions for the creation of life.
The magnetic activity of a star and the interaction of its magnetic field and the particle radiation emanating from it with the planetary system play an important role.
In our solar system these processes can be studied in an exemplary way.
With the "Solar Orbiter", the Esa has already approved an M-class mission (where the budget is around half a billion euros) for this issue.
The probe is scheduled to be launched in 2017 and will closely observe the surface and activity of the Sun.
Jupiter and its moons are also of great interest to researchers.
They want to find out what role the giant planet played in the development of the solar system.
To this end, the Esa is planning the first of a total of three L-missions of the "Cosmic Vision" programme.
The probe "Juice" (Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer) is expected to begin its journey in 2022.
Eight years later it reaches Jupiter and is to study the atmosphere of the planet as well as the icy moons Europa, Callisto and Ganymede.
What are the basic physical laws of the universe?
The universe offers many opportunities to study matter under extreme conditions and thus to investigate whether the laws of nature known to us are still valid there.
Perhaps there are also deviations that could show physicists the way to a new theory under which all known laws of nature can be unified.
How was the universe created and what does it consist of?
13.7 billion years ago our cosmos was created by the Big Bang.
In addition to the matter we are familiar with, which is made up of stars, planets and living beings like us, there is Dark Matter, whose gravity holds galaxies and galaxy clusters together, and Dark Energy, whose action accelerates the expansion of the universe.
Until now, researchers have not known which physical laws were valid in the first fractions of a second of the Big Bang, nor what dark matter and dark energy are made of.
With "Euclid", the Esa has already approved an M-mission here as well, which is scheduled for launch in 2020.
Using a special telescope, the probe is to examine the distribution of matter in the universe across the entire sky for the first time, thus enabling conclusions to be drawn about the nature of dark matter and dark energy.
Who could make the race
Of the 30 proposals, only two will be left at the end of the selection process.
According to many experts, the best chance of being granted an L-mission is "E-Lisa", a sophisticated concept for detecting gravitational waves.
Physicists understand this to mean changes in the structure of space-time that Albert Einstein predicted almost 100 years ago.
They have not been proven until today.
Elisa could do that, the scientists behind the project hope.
The mission provides for a detector consisting of two or three probes to be deployed in space.
In contrast to installations on Earth, it could also detect gravitational waves that were created during the Big Bang, thus providing new insights into the creation of the cosmos.
Four other proposals are still competing for the second L mission: a large X-ray telescope called "Athena", which is to explore black holes, "Icy Planets", another mission to the outer planets of the solar system, "Prism", a mission to measure the cosmic background radiation, and the "Exoplanet Finder", which is to detect and investigate Earth-like planets.
Proposals for the return transport of samples from Mars, for the exploration of the Moon, Venus and asteroids, and for solar physics, among others, have already been rejected.
Snowden ready to "cooperate" with Germany on US surveillance
Edward Snowden, the whistleblower of the US secret service, has stated that he is prepared to travel to Berlin and testify before the German Bundestag if the US National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander do not provide answers about their activities.
German member of parliament Hans-Christian Ströbele met Snowden on Thursday in Russia, where he was granted asylum, to discuss his testimony in Germany.
In a letter from Snowden, which was presented to the media in Berlin by Ströbele on Friday, he writes: "Even though the result of my efforts was demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat a dissenting opinion as a breach of loyalty and tries to criminalize political expression with the threat of punishment, where no defense is possible".
But telling the truth is not a crime.
In the letter, Snowden writes that he is convinced that the support of the international community could convince the American government to drop the charges against him.
The charges brought by the US Department of Justice include espionage and theft of government property.
German Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich told Zeit Online: "If Mr. Snowden is willing to talk to German representatives, we will find ways to make this possible.
Relations between the USA and Germany are burdened by allegations that the NSA has tapped Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone.
Thomas Oppermann, the MEP who chairs the parliamentary committee responsible for the secret service, said that the opportunity should be taken to hear Snowden as a witness if possible "without endangering him and completely ruining relations with the USA".
Ströbele, a member of the Green Party, published a picture of himself and Snowden in his Twitter feed.
He was accompanied by two German journalists during his visit to Russia.
Ströbele explained that according to the lawyer of the former NSA employee Snowden could not return to Russia if he left the country.
If Snowden testifies in Germany, he needs an assurance that he is "safe" there, the MP said.
In his letter, Snowden explains that he is facing a "serious and ongoing" campaign of persecution that has driven him from his home country.
However, he was touched by the worldwide reaction to "my act of political expression".
Citizens around the world, as well as high-ranking politicians - even in the United States - have called the revelations about an uncontrolled system of comprehensive surveillance a public service.
In his letter, Snowden makes an offer of cooperation to the German authorities "when the difficulties surrounding the humanitarian situation have been resolved".
Frontier Airlines charges for hand baggage
Frontier Airlines plans to charge up to $100 for passengers who wish to carry hand luggage on their flight.
Frontier Airlines intends to charge up to $100 for a piece of hand luggage and $2 for coffee or lemonade, although the announcement on Wednesday said that passengers could keep the whole can.
The new fee applies to hand luggage in the baggage compartment above the seat, small bags under the seat are still free.
Frontier explained that they charge $25 if the fee is paid in advance and $100 for passengers who pay only at the gate.
Frontier spokeswoman Kate O'Malley said the $100 fee is designed to encourage travelers to make advance payment.
"We do not wish to charge this amount," she explained.
Airlines began charging for first and second checked baggage in 2008.
Passengers who tried to avoid them therefore stuffed as much as possible into hand luggage, with the result that the luggage compartments above the seat are often overfilled.
Charges are one way to encourage passengers to take less on board.
O'Malley said the new fee isn't really about making money.
It was about Frontier's most loyal customers, who had clearly expressed that it was becoming increasingly difficult to find space in the compartment above the seat.
Passengers who buy their tickets on the airline's website do not have to pay.
This means that a passenger at Frontier's gate may be allowed one piece of baggage free of charge, but the next person must pay $100 for a comparable piece of baggage.
O'Malley explained that Frontier's website and check-in procedures would be changed so that passengers would be informed of the fee before they came to the gate.
Frontier's new hand baggage fee will not come into effect until the summer, but there is no exact date yet.
Passengers often complain about baggage surcharges and other fees, but airlines like to use them.
They argue that the transport of baggage costs money and passengers should pay for this service if they want it.
Many on Wall Street see the new baggage charges as a sign that the airlines are earning enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.
However, most of them have so far refrained from charging for hand baggage.
Spirit Airlines Inc. was the first to charge hand baggage fees three years ago and was later followed by Allegiant Air, also a budget airline.
The only other airline with such a fee is Wizz Air of Hungary, explained airline consultant Jay Sorensen, who is closely monitoring the additional fees.
He estimated in a December 2011 report that the hand baggage fee would earn Spirit $50 million annually.
Sorensen, who formerly held a senior position with Midwest Airlines, recently flew with Spirit and was curious what to expect at the gate when passengers were confronted with the company's unusual hand baggage charge.
"The boarding process was one of the smoothest I have experienced in my career in aviation," he said.
I expected to see teeth grinding and fisticuffs at the gate.
"The plane was full," he explained, "and the boarding went like clockwork."
Frontier also follows Spirit in the $2 that is charged for coffee, tea, lemonade or juice.
The company explained that passengers who bought lemonade or juice could keep the whole can and coffee was refilled free of charge.
Water is still free.
US Airways had briefly tried to charge for soft drinks in 2008, but reversed this seven months later after passengers complained and no other major airline had followed suit.
Frontiers' move to charge for hand luggage when passengers do not buy directly from the airline is the latest initiative to direct customers to its own website.
Airlines pay online travel agencies like Orbitz $10 to $25 per ticket sold.
This provides an incentive for all airlines to encourage passengers to buy directly from them rather than through an online travel agency.
Frontier has gone furthest in this area, however.
In September, the company began awarding only half as many frequent flyer miles when booking through an online travel agency.
On Wednesday, the miles were reduced once again to 25 percent of the flight distance.
Therefore, a 1000 mile Frontier flight booked with a third-party provider will only earn customers 250 miles.
Passengers can also reserve seats exclusively by purchasing directly on the Frontier website.
Frontier has a loyal customer base at its Denver headquarters, but business is shrinking and the company is losing money.
Revenues declined by 9% and flight capacity shrank by almost 13% in the first quarter, according to the financial report published on Wednesday by the parent company, Republic Airways Holdings Inc.
Republic has tried to get a grip on Frontier's finances as part of the sale of the company.
Proverbs come from the Bible
About 40 women attended the last women's breakfast of this year in the Lutheran parish of Bisingen.
The theme of the day in the parish hall was "Proverbs from the Bible" and "Proverbs from the Middle Ages".
After breakfast, Zita Köhler, the chairwoman of the parish council, gave a lecture on the biblical proverbs.
"Proverbs contain wisdom, rules or warnings," she explained.
She compared several proverbs with the corresponding Bible passages and explained their meaning.
She called proverbs like: Let the wooden eye be watchful as scales fall from the eyes, let it cast an eye on someone, the Lord gives His own in sleep, wash his hands in innocence.
Several times the speaker also let her audience guess which proverb it was.
The parish councillor Christel Dehner took up the idioms from the Middle Ages: Third time's the charm, third time's the charm.
She explained the meaning and origin of the phrases she called "bridges to the past".
At the end a raffle was raffled off.
The prizes were laid out on a table, covered and humorously paraphrased, before being presented to the winners.
Among the visitors of the breakfast round also Roman Waizenegger, the candidate for mayor, joined in.
Learning instead of unemployment: Pilot project for unskilled workers in tourism
A pilot project for the tourism industry is starting today in the Mecklenburg Lake District.
Under the leadership of the Federal Employment Agency, 49 women and men who are already working in the industry as unskilled workers are to be qualified as specialists for hotels and restaurants over three winters.
"What is new is that the six-month courses end with degrees," said Carmen Wiechert of the Neubrandenburg Employment Agency.
The benefits are manifold: the participants do not become unemployed, the companies get trained specialists, who are increasingly missing in hotels and restaurants, and the agency does not have to finance unemployment.
The Chamber of Industry and Commerce in Neubrandenburg and the German Hotel and Restaurant Association (Dehoga) Mecklenburg-Vorpommern are also involved in the project.
NSA explains that an "internal error" and not hackers are to blame for the crash of the site
The shadowy National Security Agency stated late Friday that a bug paralyzed their public website for several hours and not hackers, as was claimed online.
"NSA.gov was unavailable for several hours tonight because an internal error occurred during a scheduled update," the spy agency explained in an e-mail message.
The problem will be solved this evening.
The claim that the failure was caused by a distributed denial of service attack (DDoS) is not true.
In the early evening hours, online server trackers noticed that the NSA website had been unavailable for at least six hours and continued to be unavailable to some users.
Earlier, an NSA spokesperson told ABC News that the agency's sensitive internal network was "in no way" compromised.
Classified information is not in danger, the spokesman said.
At least one group of hacktivists claimed to have crippled the NSA website with a DDoS attack.
In such attacks, the target website is flooded with page views until the servers are overloaded and the website collapses.
The cyber tactics are relatively simple and the attacks are not designed to penetrate the internal network of the target system.
The formerly super-secret NSA, once nicknamed the No Such Agency, is now in the public eye and faces harsh criticism at home and abroad following revelations about its extensive surveillance program that have become public in recent months - a result of secret NSA data stolen and published by disillusioned former NSA employee Edward Snowden.
The growing controversy surrounding the secret service fuelled initial speculation that the incident today was the result of a targeted cyber operation.
The number of people without jobs fell slightly in October by 22 to 1,307.
Although the rate of 3.1 percent is better than last year and also better than in September, "we had hoped for more," says Monika Felder-Bauer, deputy branch manager of the employment agency in Sonthofen.
This is because many companies have so far reacted cautiously when hiring new staff.
According to Felder-Bauer, one reason for this is that "we have hardly any skilled workers in the trades, in health care and in care for the elderly".
Due to seasonal factors, job offers for personnel in the hotel and restaurant industry have been coming in again since September.
The winter season begins there in mid-December.
You will find the complete background report on this in the Allgäuer Anzeigeblatt of 31.10.2013 (page 33).
Bombardier's profits down after decline in deliveries and orders
Canadian aircraft and railroad manufacturer Bombardier Inc reported a 15% drop in net profit on Thursday, after coming under pressure from declining orders and deliveries of aircraft in the third quarter and contract problems in the railroad sector.
Bombardier, based in Montreal, also did not publish flight test data for its brand new CSeries aircraft and did not provide any new information as to whether the aircraft could go into commercial service next September according to the ambitious schedule.
The maiden flight of the test aircraft a month and a half ago has so far been followed by only three further take-offs, which makes it questionable whether the test phase will proceed as planned.
The results fell short of forecasts and led to a price drop of over eight percent on the Toronto stock exchange.
Cameron Doerksen, an analyst at National Bank Financial, lowered his rating on Thursday from "outperform" to "sector perform" in view of the fact that the share has limited price potential in the next one to two quarters.
"Although weaker delivery figures for aircraft were largely expected, we are clearly disappointed with the margin development in the transport sector," Doerksen said in a customer letter.
We believe that Bombardier will receive new orders for the CSeries as the aircraft's test program progresses.
However, if no new orders are announced in the coming months, we expect the market to become more sceptical about the program.
Bombardier hopes that the CSeries aircraft series will catapult the company into the lower market segment currently dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
The first test aircraft was presented to the public in March and flew for the first time in September after months of delays.
However, so far, binding orders for the CSeries are moderate at 177, as potential buyers are waiting for the results of flight tests and want to see if the company's claims regarding fuel efficiency and cost savings potential of the new jetliner are true.
Currently, there are a total of 403 orders and commitments from 15 customers and companies.
CEO Pierre Beaudoin is confident that Bombardier will achieve its target of 300 firm orders when the jet begins commercial operation.
The company management also assured analysts and the media on Thursday that the program was on schedule.
"The test aircraft did not stay on the ground longer than expected," Beaudoin said during a conference call, adding that ground tests and software updates were scheduled while the aircraft was on the ground.
Every manufacturer plans differently.
We decided to take a first flight and then add a revision period, which we did.
This happens during the entire flight program.
The second of five test aircraft is expected to take off in the next few weeks, the rest shortly after, the company said.
Nevertheless, analysts remain sceptical as to whether the first customer will be able to operate a CSeries aircraft twelve months after the maiden flight.
Bombardier stated that it was reviewing its commissioning schedule (EIS) and would update it in the coming months.
"The slow progress of the flight tests - even though they appear to be in line with Bombardier's internal planning - reinforces our view that the commissioning will be postponed until the first quarter of 2015," Doerksen said.
In the third quarter ended September 30, Bombardier's net income fell to $147 million or 8 cents per share from $172 million or 9 cents per share the year before.
The adjusted earnings per share remain unchanged at 9 cents.
Sales fell slightly, from 4.2 to 4.1 billion dollars.
Analysts had expected a profit of 10 cents per share and a turnover of 4.56 billion dollars, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The world's fourth largest aircraft manufacturer claims to have delivered 45 aircraft this quarter, down from 57 last year.
Net orders fell from 83 aircraft to 26.
The order backlog in the aerospace sector amounted to 32.9 billion dollars on September 30, unchanged from December 31.
"In the aerospace sector, results were in line with our targets, but the low order intake and overall market conditions were disappointing," said Beaudoin.
Sales in the aerospace sector fell by 13 percent to two billion dollars.
Bombardier, the world's largest rail manufacturer, announced that sales in this sector rose by almost eleven percent to 2.1 billion dollars.
The order book in the Transportation Division amounted to 32.6 billion dollars on 30 September, a slight increase compared with 31 December.
The profit margin in the Transportation division was affected by processing problems with some major contracts.
According to company management, there will be new targets for the fourth quarter.
In afternoon trading on Thursday, Bombardier stock fell 8.5 percent to 4.83 Canadian dollars after it was also announced that Google's CFO Patrick Pichette will join the board.
Brazilian Embraer SA, the world's third largest commercial aircraft manufacturer and bomber's closest rival, reported a 10% drop in quarterly profits on Thursday.
USA: Shooting at Los Angeles airport
An unidentified man fired shots at LAX Airport on Friday morning (local time).
While the airport management informed Twitter via the short news service that the shooter was in custody, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the man was dead.
A security guard had also been killed.
Media also reported several injuries.
US President Barack Obama will be kept constantly informed of the situation, said White House spokesman Jay Carney.
The incident took place in Terminal 3 and eyewitnesses said they saw a gunman with a rifle in one of the departure lobbies, according to several media reports.
A traveller told CNN that many people had sought shelter in panic.
Travelers would have cried and children would have wept.
Panic broke out among the waiting people, and many hid behind chairs out of fear.
He heard two shots, a traveler told the "Los Angeles Times".
An employee of the security agency TSA had suffered a gunshot wound to the foot.
The scene had been "like in a film".
Afterwards he himself was taken to a security area, the man reported.
The shots are said to have been fired near a security checkpoint.
Airport building evacuated
Television pictures showed numerous ambulances and police cars pulling up in front of a terminal.
Hundreds of people were taken from the building to safety.
Users on Twitter posted photos of a special operations team and a rifle lying on the ground.
According to the airport management via Twitter, the incident began at 9.30 am (local time).
The access roads were closed, which, according to CNN, created long backlogs.
Except for landings, air traffic had been temporarily suspended, it was said.
However, CNN also showed several planes during take-off.
Terminal 3 is mainly served by smaller US airlines.
Los Angeles LAX Airport is one of the largest airports in the USA.
Cocaine addict lawyer who warned drug boss about police investigation goes to jail
Basharat Ditta, 42, passed on information to underworld great Neil Scarborough
The lawyer was afraid that his secret drug addiction would come to light
He was sentenced by the Liverpool Crown Court to three years in prison
A well-known defence lawyer, who warned a drug lord against a major police investigation because he was afraid his secret drug addiction could be exposed, was sentenced to three years in prison.
Basharat Ditta, 42, provided underworld great Neil Scarborough with sensitive information about investigations into his drug-trafficking activities after he was compromised by his own cocaine addiction.
The lawyer, nicknamed "Bash" and hailed by criminologists as "first class", was arrested at his home in 2011 after police monitored Scarborough, whom he had represented in an earlier drug case.
Officials observed Scarborough (32) delivering three bags of cocaine to the barrister's home in Blackburn, Lancashire, while he was at a barrister's lunch with colleagues.
The investigation revealed that Ditta was a regular user of Class A drugs, after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair, on his wallet and on credit cards.
Over a period of eight months between January and August 2011, he attempted to obtain unauthorised information about the arrest of two men on behalf of Scarborough and one of his partners.
All four suspects were then under police surveillance as part of a major investigation into heroin and cocaine trafficking in Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
They were later arrested along with 32 others after police seized 1.5 million pounds of heroin and cocaine and 200,000 pounds of cash in a series of house searches.
Ditta, 42, passed on information to the criminals because he was afraid that his drug addiction could become public.
Today Ditta, who works for Forbes Solicitors in Blackburn, was found guilty and sentenced on two counts of obstruction of justice at Liverpool Crown Court after a three-week trial.
He admitted to cocaine possession in a previous interview.
The lawyer was convicted after the police found out during their investigation of Scarborough that he had been in regular telephone contact with Ditta in February 2011.
Two investigators followed the suspect and saw him go to Ditta's house and put the 60 percent purity drugs under the lawyer's trash can in a black golf glove.
Shortly after he had delivered the drugs, Scarborough was on the phone regularly with Ditta, who was at dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium in Ewood Park.
The lawyer returned home, got the drugs and then nine messages were exchanged between the two.
In court, Ditta became known to be a "regular user" of cocaine after class A drugs were discovered in his hair, wallet and credit cards during tests.
Ditta was later arrested, but denied using cocaine and said he talked to the alleged dealer because he was his client, claiming that their discussion was subject to "attorney-client privilege.
During his arrest Ditta took his wallet and tried to remove a number of credit cards, but they were seized and a hair sample was taken from his head.
During the police interrogation, he stated that he ran an office both at his home address and at work and that clients called him at home for legal matters.
In court it became known that he had called key players in the drug trade, some of whom he had previously represented, after significant arrests and informed them of what the investigators knew about them.
District Attorney Anne Whyte said "A criminal lawyer should know better than anyone that you don't break the law."
Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal defense attorney because he got too involved with certain clients.
The relationship in question is not simply that of a drug dealer, but a drug dealer who supplies his lawyer with drugs.
Some of his communications were undoubtedly legitimate, because he was the lawyer of these people.
But this went far beyond the limits of a normal relationship between lawyer and client.
He countered the police investigations as far as possible so that they could continue their criminal activities.
Mr. Ditta thus brought his profession into disrepute.
He was too close to certain clients, particularly Scarborough, and he allowed his independence to be compromised.
Ditta denied any wrongdoing and claimed, "If I were a corrupt lawyer, which I am not, and I wanted to pass on information to Scarborough, I would not wait 15 hours, I would do it immediately."
But after the hearing, Superintendent Lee Halstead of Lancashire police said: "Mr Ditta made the step from a criminal defence lawyer to a criminal the moment he started buying drugs from organised criminals.
His cocaine addiction led to a hopeless compromise and made him receptive to the motives of leading members of organised crime, who instructed him to obtain valuable information about police investigations.
Lawyers must maintain the highest standards of integrity and inspire public trust and confidence.
Ditta betrayed this trust and tried to hide behind the façade of his profession.
Lancashire's Serious and Organised Crime Unit led the investigation into Ditta, which also resulted in three convictions for cocaine possession and obstruction of justice, underlining our determination to bring criminals to justice.
This case should be a warning to criminals and shows that nobody can escape the arm of the law.
We'll find you and take you to court.
Scarborough himself was sentenced to 14 years in prison after he was found guilty of conspiring to traffic heroin, cocaine and cannabis.
Thirty-five other 'persons involved in drug trafficking' were sentenced to total penalties of 153 years for drug offences.
On his website, Ditta published a Q&A section about himself in which he stated that his dream job was to represent clients on death row in America as a lawyer, that his ultimate dinner guest was Mohammed Ali and that inequality of opportunity was the motivation for his work.
Revolutionary work of church music
At the end of the celebrations on the occasion of its 160th anniversary, the Liederkranz Dunningen will frame two church services with the "Deutsche Messe" by Franz Schubert.
Following the great success of the musical "Rock my Life", which thrilled the audience in the spring of this year, the Liederkranz will enrich two church services at the end of the anniversary year with a performance by Franz Schubert of the German Trade Fair.
On Saturday, 26 October, this extraordinary mass will be heard from 19 during the evening mass in the St. Martinuskirche in Dunningen and on Sunday, 27 October, from 10.15 am during the service in the St. Johannes Baptistkirche in Lackendorf.
The so-called German Mass with the original title "Gesänge zur Feier des heiliges Opfers der Messe", D 872, is a sacred musical work by the composer Franz Schubert from 1826 and was considered almost revolutionary at the time of its creation.
The mass is performed within the framework of the church services, as the client Johann Philipp Neumann had in mind.
Under the direction of Hermann Schneider, the choir is accompanied by the wind section of the Musikverein Frohsinn Tennenbronn and Noemi Lokodi on the organ.
Haslach: Skepticism gives way to increasing confidence
With the elections to the parish council in 2015, for example, fundamental changes will take place in the Haslach (SE) pastoral care unit.
There is then only one common parish council for all six parishes.
In a joint meeting on Saturday, the committees from Haslach, Hofstetten, Mühlenbach, Fischerbach, Steinach and Welschensteinach prepared themselves for the changes.
For nothing more can be changed in the fundamental decisions of the diocese and it is up to the parish councils to implement them as satisfactorily as possible.
In the course of the day, it became particularly clear that scepticism about the new is giving way hesitantly but increasingly to confidence.
The extremely constructive discussions of the six committees with the full-time pastoral team ranged from the ideas and expectations of the 2015 innovations to concrete proposals on the future composition and size of the parish council.
Regional Dean Georg Schmitt explained the new guidelines for pastoral care units in the Archdiocese of Freiburg with a presentation.
According to this, the SE Haslach as a church congregation will in future form a corporation under public law, which will assume the rights and obligations of the six individual church congregations to date.
There will be only one joint parish council and one foundation council, in which the pastor is represented by virtue of office.
At least two elected members from each parish should be represented, and in the six parishes so-called community teams are formed locally.
Their task in the future will be to promote church life in the village.
The question about the finances of the individual parish then revealed a considerable need for discussion.
The innovations provide that accumulated assets in the parishes are retained for a specific purpose.
In contrast, the liabilities are transferred to the municipality as a whole.
There were great concerns, especially with regard to the large planned investments, whose obligation then affects all parishes.
"Also in the past, investments were only made in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes alone", put Haslach's parish council chairman Bruno Prinzbach into perspective.
Practical experience with a joint committee for five parishes was described by Barbar Ritter, the chairperson of the committee in the pastoral care unit Schutterwald-Neuried.
In 2006, they set themselves the task of "becoming one, remaining five" and found that this is not so easy.
The committees of the Haslach Pastoral Care Unit then set about answering questions about the future composition and size of the joint parish council and the practical work of the parish teams.
The elaborations will be concretised in further meetings and decided upon in a further joint meeting of all six bodies next spring.
At the end, parish councillor Michael Schöner from Steinach presented the new logo of the pastoral unit, which was approved by a clear majority.
Electricity is becoming more expensive in Pfullendorf
The citizens of Pfullendorf must prepare themselves for higher electricity costs.
As Jörg-Arne Bias, managing director of the municipal utilities, confirmed to the SÜDKURIER, a family of four from Pfullendorf incurs additional costs of 70 to 90 euros per year.
The main reason for the upcoming price increase is the rise in the so-called EEG levy from 5.277 to 6.3 cents per kilowatt hour.
This levy is reset every year in October by the four operators of the major electricity lines.
They quantify the additional costs they will incur as a result of the energy system transformation, which they can levy through a levy on the electricity price.
The Pfullendorf public utility company is the last link in this chain.
The supervisory board of the energy company had even assumed a higher levy in its forecasts, as Jörg-Arne Bias reports.
Now the concrete figures would have to be calculated before the municipal utilities could inform their customers of the exact price increase next week.
"We are assuming an increase of 1 cent plus x," said Bias, with the figure likely to be closer to 2 cents.
Traffic light on steady red: Watch out for waiting time
Sometimes a traffic light just doesn't turn green.
The contact loop in the road does not react or the light signal is defective.
What should you do then - run a red light?
If an affected person has waited long enough at a red traffic light and the crossing is clear, he can continue driving, explains Stuttgart lawyer Ralf Becker in the magazine "Motorrad".
However, the waiting period must be "reasonable", which could be interpreted differently from case to case.
Becker advises to wait at least five minutes before assuming that the traffic light is not functioning properly.
However, anyone who continues the journey despite red lights must be aware that he is fully responsible for any accident caused by them.
Anyone who is patient for less than five minutes may not wait long enough, warns Becker and refers to a decision of the Hamm Higher Regional Court.
In the negotiated case, a driver had ignored the traffic light after about three minutes of continuous red light and had to answer for a negligent red light violation.
The traffic light was not defective, but changed to green a little later.
He was spared a driving ban because of the special situation - but not the fine.
Municipal council is pleased about solid budget
Mayor Ralph Gerster always has a good laugh when the budget is discussed in municipal council meetings.
The community bag in Herdwangen-Schönach is well filled and the administration has not known about debts since 2005.
The 2012 financial year can also be considered a complete success in this sense.
This became clear when the annual financial statements for 2012 were presented.
As Andrea Rothmund explained, the administrative budget of around 7.6 million euros was over one million euros higher than planned.
The surplus of the administrative budget, at around 1,8 million euro, was also about one million euro above the estimate.
The surplus is mainly due to higher trade tax revenues and the municipal share of income tax.
The asset budget was also again well above the planned figures.
Instead of the planned 1.5 million euros, it amounted to 2.5 million euros last year.
"This is mainly due to the higher allocation from the administrative budget," said Rothmund.
Since fewer investments than planned were made in the 2012 financial year, the allocation to reserves was also higher.
Overall, the general reserve was increased by around 2.1 million euros to a total of 4.9 million euros.
Mayor Ralph Gerster thanked Rothmund and her team for their good work.
"You don't just shake this kind of work out of your sleeve," Gerster praised with a glance at the annual financial statements.
He and the municipal councils were visibly pleased with the good figures.
It may sound paradoxical, but it is precisely these good figures that could soon cost citizens dearly.
Due to the good financial situation, the community was able to avoid high collection rates in the past.
According to Gerster, this in turn has led to a number of cuts in subsidies from the state.
There are conditions for these grants from various compensation funds.
Among other things, the cities and municipalities applying for subsidies must provide certain assessment rates.
"We have to look at the issue of collection rates, because in the coming years there are investments pending for which we would like to have subsidies," Gerster announced in this context.
Nagold: Hugo Wermter in the choir for 60 years
At 60 years of age as a singer, Hubert Wermter's history with the men's choir Cäcilia is almost twice as long as that of the autumn festival, during which he was solemnly honoured.
Hubert Wermter stood on stage as usual in the colours of his male choral society.
Even after 60 years, he still enjoys singing with the choir, which has become more than dear to him.
Wermter was also active in the association, including 28 years as a member of the committee.
He received several awards for his commitment and loyalty to the association: Jörg Kohr, pastoral adviser on behalf of the Cäcilienverband Rottenburg-Stuttgart, presented him - since the choir is also a church choir - with a certificate of the association and a letter of honour signed by Bishop Gebhard Fürst.
His singer colleagues presented him with the certificate of the German Choir Association and an engraved pewter plate.
In addition to the honouring, the 31st Herbstfest took place in the usual manner: With the MGV Betra, the Liederkranz Salzstetten, the singing section Baisingen and the local music club, the Vollmaringer had invited a colourful mixture of different choirs and singing styles, which entertained the approximately 400 visitors.
The MGV Vollmaringen opened with atmospheric songs like "Im Weinparadies" and "Lustig, ihr Brüder".
They prepared a little serenade for their honorary singer Hubert Wermter - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Bundeslied".
The men's choir Betra also sang classic choral songs like "Jägerwerben" by Julius Wengert, "Weit, weit weg" by Hubert Goisern and the folk song "Wann du durchgehst durchs Tal".
The Salzstetten Liederkranz, with its mixed choir and women's group - the "Impulschor" - provided the women's quota of the festival.
The mixed choir took the Neapolitan folk song "Santa Lucia" and "Eviva Espana" by Antos Gus to foreign countries, while the "Impulschor" also used foreign languages: "Liberatio" and "Hey Jude" were part of their program.
The singing section of the Baisinger sports club came back to its home territory with "Was isch der Schwob" by Hans Süssmuth and Robert Pappert's "Bierlied", where the Vollmaringer Musikverein provided the crowning musical finale.
For the children there was a small side programme - "Oma Hanne" alias Hannelore Stollsteimer performed a Punch and Judy show and read a few stories to keep the children busy during lunchtime.
Children's dreams come true
The kindergartens and day care centres in the Zollernalbkreis are receiving mail these days.
The Black Forest Messenger, in cooperation with Bauhaus and the Sparkasse Zollernalb, would like to support the institutions in realising their building and beautification wishes.
Does the kindergarten need a new sandbox?
All kindergartens, day-care centres and crèches from the entire Zollernalbkreis can take part in the campaign.
If you have a building or embellishment wish for your facility, you can apply with it to the Black Forest Messenger.
Be creative with your children and surprise the jury of the kindergarten construction site campaign.
A jury, consisting of representatives of Schwarzwälder Bote, Bauhaus and Sparkasse Zollernalb, will select three wishes from all entries.
What are the requirements for participation?
The wish should be realizable with building material with a maximum value of 2000 Euro and on one (action) day.
In addition, the winner himself must provide for many hard-working construction helpers.
What is it about the action day and the helpers?
Bauhaus provides the material with the support of the Sparkasse Zollernalb.
It will be delivered to the kindergarten on the agreed day and should then be processed directly by the helpers.
Helpers can be parents, grandparents, friends, associations and of course the educators and children themselves.
Kenyan press outraged by controversial media law
"We find ourselves in a frightening situation and one may ask: what is stopping Parliament from simply abolishing judicial independence tomorrow," was the question in the newspaper, which considers the bill to be unconstitutional.
"The law is draconian and very punitive and we reject it," said Cyrus Kamau, CEO of Capital Group, which includes CapitalFM, one of Kenya's most respected independent radio stations and news websites.
He said the new media tribunal "will always be biased because it is an extension of the government," and restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya's position in the global economy.
"I hope the President listens to us and we appeal to him to reject this bill and send it back to Parliament," he said.
According to The Star newspaper, the new law "effectively puts the government in a stranglehold on the media". In contrast, The Standard writes that democracy and freedom of speech in Kenya has suffered "a heavy blow", and calls the draft "draconian".
The adoption of the law is one of a series of measures to strengthen national security in the wake of the September attacks by armed Islamists on the West Gate Shopping Centre.
The Kenyan media incurred the wrath of the authorities by publishing footage from security cameras showing units sent to the scene allegedly robbing the luxury shopping centre.
Police Chief David Kimaiyo responded by summoning two journalists and a leading media representative for interrogation, although the subpoena was withdrawn after a media outcry.
Under the new law, media houses can be fined up to 20 million Kenyan shillings, and individual journalists can be fined up to one million, as well as the further risk of losing their professional recognition or being excluded from official press accreditation.
The tribunal also has the right to confiscate the property of those concerned if a fine is not paid.
According to the Daily Nation, "even a single penalty can bankrupt most radio stations.
In addition, the newspaper believes that these measures could have a devastating effect on what it describes as Kenya's "vibrant blogosphere".
If they silenced the media, politicians could do whatever they wanted with impunity.
"No one will ever know," wrote Mutuma Mathiu, a journalist with the Nation, who describes the Kenyan media as a crucial control factor in public life.
"If you leave politicians to themselves, they will lead the country into bankruptcy and take us back to the days of hunter-gatherers," he commented.
The Kenyan legislators have already attracted public anger in the past.
In May they voted to reverse the cuts ordered by the National Compensation Commission and reinstated their hefty salaries of around 532,000 shillings per month tax-free - among the highest in the world.
Bad-Dürrheim: A dream comes true for FC
Despite the cold weather and rain, the official inauguration ceremony for the artificial turf sports field lost none of its significance for the city and the football club.
Everyone had probably wished for a more pleasant ceremony last Saturday, but Peter did not want to play along.
So all those who came without an umbrella or who for some reason could not hold one were left behind.
The musicians who framed the ceremony felt the same way as many of the speakers.
That's why FC chairman Albrecht Schlenker, who spoke of the fulfilment of a dream, also got wet.
His thanks went first and foremost to Mayor Walter Klumpp, who was strongly committed to the implementation of the project, to the municipal council, the companies involved and the members of the association who contributed.
Here especially Lothar Held, Paul Weizenegger, Heiner Gail and Peter Graf.
The spry pensioners laid 400 square metres of paving stones for the new paths.
This remarkable voluntary commitment was also honoured by Karl Rombach, member of the state parliament.
Further greetings were given to the municipal sports committee Hubert Baier, the district chairman of the South Baden football association, Kuno Kayan, and Friedrich Knorr from the planning office, who announced a donation for the club's youth department.
Mayor Klumpp recalled that recurring weather-related influences in spring and autumn damaged the original lawn in such a way that it could not be played on.
The first thoughts of how to solve the problem were already made 15 years ago, when the construction of a third pitch on the grounds of the football club or the secondary school at Salinensee was considered.
Both were rejected again.
Six years ago, thoughts of creating an artificial turf sports field arose, which was generally regarded as the ultimate solution.
Concrete planning began two years ago when FC took over the Schabelstube on a leasehold, agreed to a cost sharing of EUR 100,000 for the construction of the pitch and the state approved subsidies of EUR 104,000.
In October 2012, the municipal council decided to assume the remaining 356,000 euros of the total costs of 560,000 euros, Klumpp summarized.
Construction of the 68 by 108 metre artificial turf pitch began on 4 June.
During the construction phase, which lasted over three months, 3000 cubic metres of earth were removed, half of which was used to build a dirt bike track.
The CDU/CSU and SPD have continued their coalition negotiations on the topics of interior and justice.
The responsible working group met in Berlin in the morning.
Among other things, it deals with direct democracy, bribery of members of parliament and the federal police.
In the morning, the Migration and Integration Working Group also wanted to continue its discussions.
This is likely to include the issue of dual citizenship, where both sides have conflicting ideas.
The SPD wants to end the obligation for immigrant children born in Germany to choose one - the CDU/CSU rejects a double passport.
On the topic of traffic, which is not on the agenda this Friday, the SPD underlined its "No" to a car toll demanded by the CSU.
A vignette is a "flat rate for frequent driving and thus ecologically counterproductive", explained Florian Pronold, the SPD's chief negotiator for transport, in a letter to his parliamentary group.
There was a threat of diversionary traffic on country roads, which were already accident black spots.
Moreover, the introduction of a toll for all passenger cars would, in Pronolds' view, only be a first step.
"There is a danger that the compensation for Germans will be cancelled at a later date," he said.
Dieter Thomas Kuhn in Stuttgart: The singing foehn wave on the open air stage
Stuttgart - "When will it be summer again?" was actually not the question on Friday evening on the open-air stage in Killesberg.
It was truly a tropical night in Stuttgart.
The best conditions for pop star Dieter Thomas Kuhn and his band.
Click your way through the picture gallery to the performance of the "singing hairdryer wave".
Motorist seriously injured in accident
A 37-year-old car driver from Aachen was seriously injured in an accident on Thursday evening.
According to the police, a 41-year-old from Müsch was driving her car on the Kempen outer ring in the direction of Grefrath at around 9:15 pm.
When she wanted to turn left onto St. Töniser Straße, she overlooked the 37-year-old's oncoming car.
The cars collided.
The Aachener suffered serious injuries and had to be taken to hospital for treatment.
Konstanz: Closure after accident at Schänzlekreisel
According to the police, the accident occurred when a 51-year-old driver of a Swiss Seat Ibiza drove out of town on Thursday evening, around 8 pm, in the left lane of the two-lane Reichenaustraße.
Shortly before the roundabout at Schänzle, he noticed that he was on the left-hand turn lane towards Stromeyersdorfstraße and switched to the right-hand lane.
This resulted in a collision with the BMW of a 23-year-old Konstanzer driving there.
The VW Passat of a 19-year-old driving behind the BMW was also damaged.
In total, the police reported that there was about 15000 property damages.
The roadway had to be closed during the accident recording, it was further said.
Vienna Airport abolishes passenger calls
Mr Max Maier, please come to gate 24.
Announcements like these will no longer be made at Vienna International Airport in the future.
A large part of the loudspeaker announcements are thus omitted - the noise level is to be significantly reduced.
Creating a more relaxed atmosphere is the aim of this innovation.
As Airport Spokesman Peter Kleemann announced to Radio Wien, Vienna International Airport is following an international trend by discontinuing announcements that concern individual persons.
The airports in Copenhagen, Frankfurt and Dubai, for example, have already decided to do without the noisy calls.
The elimination of these announcements - on average around 200 personal calls are made through the loudspeakers on any given day - should make things quieter at the airport in future.
"Experience has also shown that these individual announcements were perceived relatively little, while at the same time all other information about changed gates or departure times is a bit lost here," Kleemann said in an interview with the radio station.
Highlander-Games at Kaltenhof
In addition to brake van pulling with tractors, there will be a second competition at the agricultural autumn festival at Kaltenhof from 6 to 8 September.
On Saturday, September 7, the Highlander Games will start at 13.30 hrs.
Although they have a Scottish tradition, they have a Swabian touch at Kaltenhof.
Teams and individual fighters compete in the disciplines of tree trunk throwing, horseshoe throwing and water bucket carrying.
The tree trunk is four and a half meters long and weighs 25 to 30 kilograms.
"It doesn't depend on the distance," explains organizer Peter Saile.
The log must be thrown off vertically, should roll over once and then come to rest straight.
This is rated with the most points.
In horseshoe throwing, accuracy is the key.
From a distance of eight metres, the ball is thrown onto a stake.
The participants have to prove their skill and strength by carrying water buckets over 50 meters.
Time and water quantity in a vat are measured at the end.
Two from each "clan" or team may then participate in the individual competition.
The winners of the team and individual competition will receive prizes.
You can start training as early as 10 am.
A suitable outfit is desired, for example the competitors can compete in a tartan skirt.
But also Swabian traditional costume is allowed.
For the "Outfit" the jury awards a few bonus points.
You can register until one hour before the start of the competition.
With the Scottish-Swabian Highlander Games and the tractor pulling, which starts half an hour earlier, there will be plenty of action on the festival grounds on Saturday.
In the evening the brass music lovers will get their money's worth.
At 19 o'clock the birabohemian brass band music from Schömberg creates the big entertainment evening.
The band plays lively polkas and marches.
But their repertoire also includes soulful waltzes and a rich big band sound.
Among the participants will be Heinz Koch from Weilen unter den Rinnen, known as a singing innkeeper and black sausage baron.
In Dornhan he has already performed at the Christmas market and with the fool guild.
On Sunday, the Leinstetten music association entertains for a morning pint, from 2 p.m. the Böffingen farmers' band is a guest, and the "oldies" then let the party come to an end.
Kick-off is already on Friday the Stoppelackerparty with DJ Ralf.
Further programme items on Saturday and Sunday include the vintage car and tractor meeting, exhibitions by companies on the subject of agriculture and forestry.
Other attractions on Sunday are the corn maze, the craftsmen's market and sheep-shearing.
Especially for children there is a petting zoo, straw bouncy castle, tractor driving (under guidance) and tractor surfing.
Organizers are the Förderverein Mehrzweckhalle, the ski club and the tractor friends "Zündkäpsele".
Milk and egg alternatives at a glance
Vegan nutrition requires plant-based alternatives to eggs, milk and dairy products.
Pureed tofu with vegetable cream is a substitute for quark, for example.
The Vegetarian Union names others for World Vegan Day on November 1.
On the occasion of World Vegan Day on November 1, the Vegetarierbund Deutschland proposes a number of vegan alternatives:
Pure vegetable margarine is a good alternative to butter, and yoghurt is being replaced by soya yoghurt.
Instead of milk, soy, oat, almond or rice milk could be used.
Whippable plant cream replaces conventional whipped cream.
There are also vegetable alternatives to eggs.
For example, half a crushed, ripe banana can replace an egg as a binding agent in a cake.
Also 50 grams of applesauce or one tablespoon of ground linseed plus three tablespoons of water are suitable.
Instead of egg, doughs are loosely mixed with, for example, a teaspoon of baking powder, a tablespoon of cornflour and three tablespoons of mineral water.
But 50 grams of soy yoghurt or silk tofu can also serve this purpose.
According to Vebu, about 800,000 people in Germany currently eat vegan, i.e. purely vegetable, food.
Sleepless in New York
On the way to their host families in Weymouth, Massachusetts, the students of the Black Forest High School got to know the American metropolis New York.
After an eight-hour flight, the flight went straight to the Brooklyn Bridge, over which the heart of the city, Manhattan, was reached on foot.
Here already a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline was offered, which is a special attraction in the evening light.
Due to the time difference, the students were on their feet for almost 24 hours, but true to the motto "The city never sleeps", the day in Times Square was decided.
Despite shutdown, the Statue of Liberty was reached by ferry on the second day and could be climbed on foot.
Afterwards, the tour continued via the financial centre around Wall Street to the memorial of September 11th.
On the third day, the students were able to gain an overview of the fascinating city from the 373-meter-high viewing platform of the Empire State Building while enjoying the view.
Afterwards, we went through the hectic hustle and bustle of New York's streets via Rockefeller Center to Central Park, which offered an ideal opportunity to linger a while in the autumn sun.
After a short flight from New York to Boston, the students have now arrived in their host families and are experiencing everyday school life at Weymouth High School.
Also this year a Hubertus mass will be celebrated on the name day of St. Hubertus in the parish church St. Marien at Hülsbergstraße.
According to the legend, St. Hubert was a rather ruthless hunter who was converted by a vision and later appointed bishop of Liège.
The hunting horn section of the Jagdreiter Westfalen under the direction of Brigitte Kluth plays on par force horns (natural horns in E-flat tuning) according to old, originally French melodies.
The wind players wear riding clothes because they mainly accompany riders, horses and pack of dogs musically on drag-hunts.
The solemn mass will take place on Sunday, November 3, at 11:30 a.m.
The newly designed Opschlag shines with a new café.
One that invites you to stay and come back.
One that wants to make the name a program.
Déjà Vu, according to the encyclopaedia, is a psychological phenomenon that expresses itself in the feeling of having already experienced or seen a new situation.
If you visit the café of the same name on the Opschlag in the district town of Kleve, within sight of the Rhine-Waal University of Applied Sciences, you don't have to be left with a pure feeling of déjà vu.
After all, the café with the beautiful name has exactly this as its goal: to make an actual stay not only mentally, but also tangible, a recurring experience.
Because it's fun and just beautiful.
A look inside at Opschlag 8 gives the viewer a good feeling right away.
The ultra-modern, but not cool café ambience looks like a place to feel good.
Here, the team, headed by the founders Mirjam van der Stelt and Daniel Büttner, spoils guests with a wide variety of coffee and cocktails.
We serve delicious cakes or individually filled fresh baguettes.
The owners, both 33 years old, had already made a name for themselves as restaurateurs before the opening of the pretty café on the Opschlag: In Kranenburg they ran the "Art Lounge".
From the move to Kleve an den Opschlag, the sympathetic café lovers hope for a larger audience.
Not least also through the university.
"Although we do not have a specific target group," Daniel Büttner emphasizes.
Rather, they want to address young students as well as seniors and all age groups in between.
Speaking of café lovers.
The congenial owner couple is behind the coffee enjoyment.
Enjoy the fragrant hot brew in the most diverse variations yourself.
Expressofan
Daniel Büttner is more of an Expresso fan and Mirjam van der Stelt the cappuccino drinker.
"Add a baguette - that's my thing," she tells the NRZ.
Two events have already been held in the bright café.
Or rather, one.
Because the harbour festival took place rather outside - the Café Déjà Vu did not benefit from it.
But there was also the Ringelnatz evening.
"Beautiful, successful and funny," the two 33-year-olds thought.
But not everyone's cup of tea.
Perhaps this is one of the reasons why Daniel Büttner is not a real fan of event evenings: "You can't please everybody".
And with an event I always address only those who are interested in the special event.
That's why events will be the exception rather than the rule with us.
"We want to disrupt normal operations as little as possible".
In other words: Déjà Vu also stands for reliability.
In terms of the quality of the products offered here, as well as the team and the beautiful surroundings at Opschlag in Kleve.
The street, which is more and more becoming a gastronomy mile.
To the delight of many Klevers, the guests from near and far and the students who discover the gastronomic mile and thus also the Café Déjà Vu for themselves.
Anke Gellert-Helpenstein
A day of thanks at the MGV in Dinker
It was the 165th foundation festival to which MGV "Friedrich Wilhelm Dinker" had invited this year and 52 guests, active singers and their wives, were happy to come.
In the clubhouse of the restaurant "Witteborg" in Dinker everyone enjoyed the harmonious togetherness in the spirit of music.
Traditionally, the foundation festival is also always the appropriate festivity to make awards.
This time, secretary Rolf Wagener was pleased about the special award "singer of the year".
"You not only wrote down a lot for us, but you also did a lot of rounds for us, for which we would like to thank you very much", says the choir's chairman Erich Schlotmann.
The awards for participation in the performances and choir rehearsals by means of activity bouquets went this year to the choirmaster Dieter Schulze with 44 participations, followed by the honorary chairman Horst Pier-Ribbert, the chairman himself, and last year's "Singer of the Year" Friedrich Winkler with 42 participations each.
Fifth place was taken by Artur Brückner, the scorekeeper.
The board of directors especially thanked the team of club landlady Ange Pier-Ribbert, who once again had conjured up a first-class menu, and Gerda Pier-Ribbert for the table decoration.
The MGV "Friedrich-Wilhelm" meets for its regular choir rehearsals every Tuesday at 19.45 in the clubhouse.
"New singing voices are always welcome", says Schlotmann.
UN proclaims new goals in poverty reduction
The United Nations is now beginning to draw up a series of new goals to replace the Millennium Development Goals for poverty reduction announced twelve years ago.
In the run-up to the UN Summit on Sustainable Development, which began this evening in Rio de Janeiro, Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for "sustainable development goals" to replace the Millennium Development Goals that expire in 2015.
They have been included in the final draft of the document which will be adopted by world leaders, including Mrs Gillard, at the summit.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said at the summit in the evening that the time had come "to think beyond national interests".
"I am pleased that member states have agreed to embark on a process to agree on universal sustainable development goals," he said.
"These goals will build on our progress from the Millennium Development Goals and form an integral part of the post-2015 development framework.
I will spare no effort to implement this mandate given to me by the Member States in order to achieve our vision of sustainable development goals that build on the success of the Millennium Goals".
Even though SG Achim/Baden has been without a win for four matchdays, the mood at the top league handball team is still good.
Coach Tomasz Malmon leaves no doubt about that.
All of them are still fully motivated in their work.
Nevertheless, I hope that we will finally win again.
"Because I don't even know what a victory like this tastes like anymore," Malmon expects a sense of achievement from his team at VfL Fredenbeck II.
Even though the third-league reserve from Fredenbeck has not yet uprooted any trees, Malmon raises his index finger in advance as a warning.
I have trained many players myself in the A-youth.
Therefore they will certainly be particularly motivated against their ex-coach.
"It remains to be seen whether there will be reinforcements from the first team," the SG coach explained.
To finally get back on the road to success, the Malmon team has to improve its performance compared to the previous performances.
Above all in the covering work and the switching game there was a huge problem in the end.
The exploitation of opportunities must also definitely improve.
So I hope that my players have finally cleared their heads during the short break.
Security concerns in Mozambique grow in the face of clashes between influential personalities
Thousands of people gathered in the centre of Maputo under the watchful eyes of the statue of Samora Machel, the founder of the state and first president of Mozambique, to raise calls for peace in a rare public demonstration.
"We want peace again, we want stability," said Vanessa de Sousa, managing director of an investment company.
Fearing for the country's future, she swapped her business clothes for a T-shirt with the words "We demand security" in Portuguese and joined the crowd in the capital's Independence Square on Thursday.
For two weeks now, there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and Renamo, which are among the worst clashes since the peace agreement more than 20 years ago.
Renamo was once a notorious rebel movement, initially supported by the white-ruled Rhodesia and later the apartheid government of South Africa in an effort to destabilize the country's independent government.
After the peace treaty of 1992 it became an opposition party.
Analysts consider it unlikely that the country will return to full-scale conflict, but recent events have worried foreign investors and locals alike.
The stakes are high for the rapidly growing economy, as the discovery of huge gas deposits off the coast and coal deposits in the northwest could bring in over $50 billion in investment over the next few years from companies like Rio Tinto, Vale of Brazil, Eni of Italy and Anadarko of the US.
The ruling Frelimo party, the dominant force since 1975, and Renamo blame each other for the tensions.
Renamo claims that the government provoked the recent clashes by attacking its members on 17 October in Sofala province, a traditional stronghold of Renamo.
The attacks on the former rebels escalated when government troops attacked Renamo bases and tried to kill Afonso Dhlakama, the group's leader, Renamo's spokesman told the Financial Times.
The government blames Renamo for the clashes and accuses the organization of attacking soldiers.
President Armando Guebuza has tried to play down concerns about instability.
He told AFP, the French news agency, on Wednesday that Dhlakama considers himself a "loser" who "wants to use all his remaining powers to prove that he can impose his decisions on the government".
Both Frelimo and Renamo stress that they want to avoid war.
But concerns have increased since Mazanga was quoted as saying that Renamo is abandoning the 1992 peace agreement.
He explained to France Télécom that he had meant that Frelimo no longer respected the Agreement.
"Our vision is to resume negotiations and to do so seriously," Mazanga said.
Earlier talks between the parties have done little to resolve the tensions fuelled by a series of clashes this year.
"We have two adult men (Guebuza and Dhlakama) here, who are banging their heads together," says Joseph Hanlon, lecturer at the Open University and Mozambique expert.
None of them is good at negotiating and none of them is prepared to make the necessary concessions.
Renamo, which is pressing for electoral reforms, has already declared that it will boycott the local elections in November.
Presidential and parliamentary elections are scheduled for next year.
Some commentators have interpreted the use of force as an attempt by an ailing movement to obtain concessions and financial benefits from the government.
Renamo's electoral successes have been shrinking since 1992, while a newer party, the Movimento Democrático de Moçambique (MDM), founded by a former Renamo member, is expected to improve in the elections.
Mazanga claims that Guebuza - whose resignation is due when his second term in office ends next year - wants to destroy the country's democracy.
"He does not want multi-party democracy, he does not want transparent elections, he does not want peace because he does not want to give up the presidency," said Mazanga.
It is unclear what Renamo's capacity is, but it has carried out disturbing attacks on police stations and vehicles on an important north-south route.
Most of the fighting took place in the province of Sofala, a few hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but it is in Beira, the port used by mining companies such as Rio Tinto and Vale to export coal.
In June, Rio interrupted the use of the railway for a month after Renamo announced an attack on the line.
Mazanga replied cautiously to the question whether Renamo would repeat this threat.
Renamo wanted to "warn the international community that things are not going well in Mozambique," Mazanga said.
The instability has increased frustration with the government, says Fernando Lima, head of Mediacoop, an independent media company, as many people are already worried about corruption, slow progress in development and a recent wave of kidnappings.
"People think that the government and the president are responsible for the future of the country and he should be the one to find solutions to the problems," he explains.
Omar Sultane, a demonstrator, said that people just wanted stability.
"Nobody cares about Renamo and Frelimo, they just want peace and usable roads again," he explained.
Children should be taught myths and legends as "role models for life", says one author.
The stories of Thor showed that "brute force has no chance against clever tricks", and the Arthurian legend demonstrated how important it is to have a dream.
Many of the myths, however, were "far too wild, too offensive and in some cases too dirty to be taught in schools", which is why Crossley-Holland pleaded for a "careful selection" of age-appropriate works.
"I think it's wonderful that in America myth and folklore are already part of education," he said.
I have been suggesting this as a plan for twenty years.
He added that with authors and teachers who were "overly didactic", children would "switch off completely", because in entertaining stories the messages were conveyed "subliminally".
Crossley-Holland, who translated Beowulf from Anglo-Saxon and is the author of the Penguin Book of Norse Myths and the British Folk Tales, explained: "You can have certain intentions, but you should keep them in the background if possible".
Perhaps the greatest difference between an adult writer who writes for adults and an author who writes for children is the need to convey hope.
Not everything has to be simplified or lead to a happy end, but there is an immanent sense of good and evil.
This must be subliminally represented, revealed by history and not explained.
This is the old story of showing instead of telling.
Hansjakob moves to Freihof once again
100 years ago Heinrich Hansjakob moved into his retirement home in Haslach, on Sunday his last years were brought to life in the "Freihof".
The many spectators were thrilled by the extremely entertaining scene play.
From the time of his arrival and the granting of honorary citizenship until his death, scriptwriter and Hansjakob actor Alois Kraftzcyk had created an entertaining play which received much applause under the direction of Cornelia Volk.
Marcus Zagermann took the audience along as a speaker through the ten different scenes, explaining connections and bridging time leaps from youth to approaching retirement.
On 22 October 1913, Hansjakob returns home to his childhood heaven, to his Freihof.
And then the scene play began, in which Alois Krafczyk shone once again in his parade role as the great son of the city.
In proper style he drove up in the two-in-hand carriage and "Schwarzwälder Füchse" by Erich Becherer from Mühlenbach.
Not only was he received with much applause from the audience, but his sister Philippine also welcomed him.
Billy Sum-Hermann understood incredibly well to put himself in the role of the sister and gave her tremendous life in facial expressions and gestures.
Between the individual scenes, the Mühlenbach farmers' band played suitably selected pieces of music to round off the performance.
Haslach's mayor Heinz Winkler then took the honour of presenting Haslach's honorary citizenship, who, together with part of the city council, paid his respects on behalf of the then incumbent Hättich.
Afterwards the Epiphany Singers paid their respects, who made Hansjakob exclaim: "Oh how beautiful, memories of my own Epiphany come alive again".
With their song "O Jesulein" they delighted the audience in the Freihof as well as the Storchentagskinder with their loud "Heraus, Heraus".
Hansjakob had expressed his criticism of the official church at the time, as well as his concerns about the excesses in agriculture, the consequences of industrialisation or the effects of war.
He found his resting place in his native soil, behind his burial chapel on the Brand near Hofstetten.
"A restless spirit had finally found its rest and had gone home for good," was said at the end of the scene.
There was much applause and many words of praise from the audience for the performance.
Basketball: The hope of the Neckar Giants is growing
The chances of the relegated Ludwigsburg Bundesliga basketball players remaining in the league have increased.
Because if there is a wildcard procedure, there is now one less competitor for the Neckar Giants.
The Hamburg Towers basketball project is not applying for a possible replacement.
"We will not take part in the wildcard procedure," said former international Pascal Roller, who has been developing the concept for a professional club in the Hanseatic city since 2012.
Nevertheless, a first sigh of relief was not to be heard from Ludwigsburg.
"We did not concern ourselves with the wildcard procedure as long as it is not certain that Düsseldorf will not receive a licence", said Neckar giant boss Alexander Reil to our newspaper.
Up until 23 May, rising star Düsseldorf Baskets can still submit documents to the court of arbitration and prove his economic suitability for the Bundesliga.
So far, however, the Rhinelanders have been denied the license twice.
The court of arbitration is the final instance.
Haigerloch: Communion church moves into the limelight
As the town's contribution to the 150th anniversary of the Evangelical Church in Haigerloch, the town's Culture and Tourism Office is dedicating the last of this year's public themed tours on Sunday, 27 October, to the Communion Church.
After visiting the Atomkeller Museum, the Haigerloch period after 1850 should be considered, when Haigerloch came under Prussian rule.
The crowning finale is a visit to the Church of the Last Supper.
There, the tour participants are told the story of the construction of the church and gain insights into the development of the Protestant community in a thoroughly Catholic region.
Last but not least, the church also features a painting of the Last Supper created by Friedrich Schüz with the support of Walter Kröll and Georg Halbritter.
It is a faithful reproduction of the famous Milan model by Leonardo da Vinci.
The meeting point for the one-and-a-half hour guided tour is at 3 pm at the Atomkeller Museum.
Tickets are available at the ticket office of the Atomkellermuseum.
For questions and information please contact the tourist office of the city of Haigerloch.
Snowden could also testify in Russia
The former US intelligence expert Edward Snowden could also make statements in the US-spa affair in his Russian asylum.
Representatives of the Federal Prosecutor's Office could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old personally in Russia.
This was reported by the Interfax agency, citing unspecified circles familiar with the situation.
Such a question could be settled intergovernmental, it was said.
A departure of Snowden from Russia is practically impossible.
"In this case, he will lose his refugee status," the agency quoted its source as saying.
Because Germany is an ally of the USA, Snowden is threatened with extradition there, it was further said
Long breath pays off
Six men's teams fought for the title at the club tennis tournament.
In the end, the endurance of Team Maier/Bronner decided the last match.
The tennis department of Sportfreunde Rohrdorf had received a dream weather for the tournament of the local clubs and friends.
The fun of playing tennis was the main focus of the tournament.
There were five games per team on the schedule, with everyone playing against everyone else.
The game was played in double mode with a long set of up to nine points or a maximum of 45 minutes duration.
Anja Schlichter leads the tournament
The tournament management was in the proven hands of Anja Schlichter, supported by Carmen Müller and Inga Kronemeyer.
After the first three games and a lunch break with pasta, the tournament entered its decisive phase.
The favourites Andre Maier/Matthias Bronner were level on points with Michael Klippel and Sadmin Osmicic (both teams of the SG Rohrweiler), so that the last two matches had to bring the decision.
At the award ceremony, Carmen Müller finally handed over the challenge cup to Andre Maier/Matthias Bronner, who had the longest breath on the home stretch.
Second place went to the doubles Michael Klippel/Sadmin Osmicic.
Rainer and Bernd Maier of the Asphaltriecher team reached the bronze medal podium.
With late afternoon sunshine and coffee and cake, the tournament came to a successful close.
On the last weekend in August the Black Forest Open Air Museum Vogtsbauernhof in Gutach near Hornberg is once again firmly in the hands of children.
Traditionally, the museum welcomes visitors on Saturday and Sunday, 24 and 25 August, as part of the summer holiday programme, to a colourful children's and family festival with numerous hands-on activities and events.
"Young and old can learn different old trades on both days," the press release says.
Whether making soap, turning candles, felting or making ropes, there is something for every age group.
The children are assisted by regional craftsmen from 11 to 17 o'clock.
Work is also being done in the museum workshop.
While building cuckoo pipes, waterwheels or spinning tops, the young guests can demonstrate their craftsmanship.
A lot of fun is also promised by the many old games, such as wheelbarrow races or walking on stilts.
Speed and coordination are required here.
For all little detectives, the open-air museum offers a mystery tour through the museum on Saturday and Sunday, at 12 and 14 o'clock in each case.
On a tour of the site, the children have to guess which stories are true or which are lies.
Furthermore, visitors have the special opportunity to get to know the open-air museum during a carriage ride with Black Forest foxes.
Not only horses, but also many other animals such as sheep, goats, cows and chickens can be seen and admired on the grounds.
In addition, all children can look forward to the clown Otsch on Sunday, who will be playing his pranks with the museum guests from 11 am.
Meanwhile, Hermann Büttner's life is cozy and fairytale-like.
The storyteller takes the little guests at 11, 13 and 15 o'clock into the wonderful world of fairy tales.
In addition, the children's costume dance group from Gutach performs traditional dances at 11.30 am.
In addition, on both days of the event from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., numerous craftsmen such as the broom-maker, the seamstress, the spinner, the weaver and the baker can be looked over the shoulder during their traditional work.
Until the end of the summer holidays in Baden-Württemberg, a varied holiday programme awaits visitors to the open-air museum.
In a small town in New Zealand, Burt Muro is considered a lovable oddball because he has decided to take part in a race in America with his motorcycle, built in 1920.
Despite a heart defect, Burt cannot be dissuaded from his dream.
With his savings, a few donations and a mortgage on his old workshop shed, he takes a boat to Los Angeles.
After the film there will be coffee, tea and cake.
Shrill beeps disturb residents
Rhenus Midgard has also invested heavily on land.
They distribute the coal coming from the ships to the dump.
The company has several irons in the fire at this location.
Rhenus Midgard is not only importing coal but is also focusing on wind power plant logistics.
The coal on the storage area in front of the dike shimmers black.
Two huge blue dump and reloading machines distribute or load the coal here as required.
With every movement of the cargo handling equipment, a shrill warning noise sounds over the terrain.
"The signals are for safety reasons and are required by law," says Matthias Schrell, Managing Director of Rhenus Midgard in Wilhelmshaven.
Unfortunately, when the wind is not favourable, this can be heard from far away - and so there have already been some complaints from people from the north of the city.
He takes the complaints very seriously and has therefore made contact with the people affected, says the 40-year-old.
In close consultation with the authorities, technical measures are now being taken to keep the warning signals quieter.
In the future, too, he would rely on open dialogue with the neighbours.
Because Matthias Schrell still has a lot of plans for the location.
Rhenus Midgard is continuing to focus on importing coal for power plants by expanding the Niedersachsenbrücke bridge and is one of the major players in this sector in Europe.
Thanks to the 18.5-metre recessed couchette in front of the terminal, capesize bulk carriers can now also be handled here.
"This year, we want to break the 3 million tonne mark in transshipment," says Schrell.
In addition to the local Eon power plant, the imported coal goes to inland power plants.
If the GDF-Suez power plant is connected to the grid, a good 5 million tons of coal imports per year are realistic.
The three ship unloaders on the bridge and the second conveyor belt could handle up to 10 million.
Bavarian basketball players optimistic despite first defeat
Even the first defeat in the Euroleague could not diminish the enormous optimism of the FC Bayern Munich basketball team.
"Nobody can forbid us to believe that we can win even against the best team in Europe in the last two years," said Bayern coach Svetislav Pesic after the unfortunate 83:88 (39:47) win over defending champion Olympiakos Piraeus on Thursday evening.
We sent the message: Basketball also exists in Munich!
At their only third appearance in the European premier class, the Munich team sold very well for a long time, but were simply not clarified enough in the decisive phases.
The visitors first managed the feat of converting a 15-point deficit into a lead 13 minutes before the end, before Piraeus gave the game another turnaround.
"We fought back incredibly against the two-time Euroleague champions, but then made reckless mistakes again," said Bayern professional Yassin Idbihi.
We are proud of our performance, but we want to win every game.
Malcolm Delaney and Nihad Djedovic were the most successful throwers of the Munich team, who had celebrated clear victories in the first two games against the Italian serial champion Montepaschi Siena and the Polish title holder Zielona Góra.
Ben Greenman: Ten years New York Comedy Festival: The New Yorker
You could say that New York City is the birthplace of stand-up comedy in America: almost a hundred years ago, the variety artist Frank Fay, who worked as a conférencier at the Palace Theatre on Broadway, began telling jokes directly to the crowd in the form of a conversation.
Over the years, Fay's innovation has been expanded, as recently at the New York Comedy Festival.
Launched and directed by Caroline Hirsch, the founder of the stand-up institution Carolines, the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year with over sixty shows in small clubs and large theatres.
"Most of these headliners started at Carolines and then became more and more successful until at some point they were too well known to perform in a club," said Hirsch.
We have conceived this festival so that we can continue to work with them.
This year's event features performances by Wanda Sykes, Kathy Griffin and Bill Maher, as well as "Stand Up for Heroes," an annual music and comedy benefit for Army veterans at Madison Square Garden that features Bruce Springsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Waters and Bill Cosby, among others.
With the festival the world of comedy has also grown.
A number of the comedians taking part in the festival this year have become known through more unconventional channels, such as programmes on smaller TV channels like Comedy Central, FX and Spike.
Nick Kroll became famous with a sitcom on cable TV (the ironic-slippery fantasy football series "The League" on FXX) and now has his own sketch show on Comedy Central.
Jenny Slate was part of the cast on both "Saturday Night Live" and "Parks and Recreation", although she is best known for her viral video series "Marcel the Shell with Shoes On".
Both Kroll and Slate and other young comedians with characteristic voices (the surreal pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik, the ironic W. Kaumau Bell, who focuses on racial issues) are products of the decentralized world of American comedy.
One of the biggest visitor magnets of the festival is an interview: David Steinberg talks to Larry David.
Steinberg began as a stand-up comedian, but has grown into a respected television and film director and an unofficial comedy historian.
From 2005 to 2007, he hosted a television show entitled "Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg" on TV Land.
The meeting will take place at Town Hall in the middle of Manhattan.
"The city is definitely in the comedy DNA of all of Larry's work," Steinberg said.
He told me that when he is here, he sometimes walks through the alley between two buildings and thinks: "Hey, if I lose all my money, then maybe I'll live here.
Iran satisfied with the process of nuclear negotiations
One week before the next nuclear meeting with the five UN veto powers and Germany is satisfied with the negotiation process.
"After years, an agreement with the International Atomic Energy Agency has been reached to resolve the differences of recent years," wrote Foreign Minister Mohammed Jawad Sarif on his Facebook page.
Although there is still a long way to go, the nuclear chief negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and is optimistic that both sides will reach a solution in the end.
Drama in Uruguay: Boys kill play comedians with machete
Two children have confessed to the murder of an 11-year-old in Uruguay.
The two 14 and 12 year old boys had invited their victim to go bird hunting with them.
Armed with machetes and knives, they stabbed the 11-year-old on Tuesday and threw the body into a well, the newspaper "El País" reported on Thursday.
Afterwards they played football in front of their apartments in a working-class neighbourhood.
The body was found the following night in the village of Cerro Pelado, 15 kilometres north of the exclusive beach resort of Punta del Este.
As an alibi, a five-year-old half-sister of the younger one they had taken was supposed to testify that she had been sexually assaulted by the boy.
But when the girl described the course of events to the police without mentioning an attack against her, the two boys admitted to the intentional killing of the 11-year-old.
The older man cited a rivalry in the football match as one of the reasons.
He was provisionally committed to a psychiatric juvenile facility.
Pimp's going to jail
The Constance Regional Court has sentenced a 33-year-old man from St. Georgen to three and a half years in prison for exploitative human trafficking, pimping, threatening, insulting and dangerous bodily injury.
The former Bundeswehr soldier, who worked as a doorman after two deployments in Afghanistan, made a confession as part of a trial agreement.
According to the report, in five cases he met women through internet or telephone contacts and sent them on the street against their will after a few weeks.
He used to break resistance with violence and threats.
He retained the income of the women, some of whom had been working for him for years.
By confiscating mobile phones and SIM cards, he prevented women from having contact with the outside world.
Together with a colleague who mediated the women, he took them to various brothels in the southwest.
There he had them partially monitored to control their income.
In court, the defendant first claimed that he suffered a severe trauma after colleagues in Afghanistan died next to him in an explosion.
After a psychiatric expert indicated that there were serious doubts about the mental impairment and thus about a limited capacity for guilt, the 33-year-old made a comprehensive confession.
The court no longer had to hear any of the injured women.
According to one police officer, after an initial report, telephone surveillance measures were able to identify at least four more cases of exploitative human trafficking.
The tapped conversations had been characterized by high aggression.
In later interrogations the aggrieved parties had confirmed their martyrdom.
Another witness, where one of the women had discovered bruises all over her body, has not yet made a statement.
It is "a completely broken personality" who considers violence and exploitation to be normal in this profession.
The defendant regretted his behaviour yesterday.
"He had broken away from these circles and wanted to lead a very normal life after his imprisonment," he said.
Oil price continues to fall to USD 96 per barrel
Oil prices continued to fall on Friday after concerns over high supply overshadowed a report that China's energy-hungry manufacturing sector is growing.
The reference crude oil grade for December deliveries had fallen by 14 cents to USD 96.24 per barrel in late morning electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange in Europe.
The contract fell by 39 cents on Thursday, which meant a 5.8 percent drop in price in October.
The large crude oil supply has weighed on prices in recent weeks.
The US Department of Energy declared on Wednesday that the US supply increased by 4.1 million barrels last week.
In the course of five weeks, the supply had increased by 25 million barrels.
But on Friday there were signs of stronger demand from two reports of increased activity in Chinese manufacturing.
This points to a continued recovery of China's economy, which grew to 7.8 percent in the third quarter after the previous quarter had seen its lowest growth rate in two decades.
Brent crude oil, a reference value for international crude oil that is also used by US refineries, fell by 26 cents to USD 108.58 per barrel on the ICE Exchange in London.
Court blocks decision on NYPD stop-and-frisk policy
A federal appeals court in the US on Thursday blocked the order of a judge who had called for changes to the New York Police Department's stop-and-frisk ("stop and search") program, and dismissed the judge from the case.
The 2nd US Court of Appeals stated that the decisions of Judge Shira Scheindlin would be suspended until the city had decided on an appeal.
The judge had ruled in August that the city was violating the constitution with the way the program for stopping and questioning people was implemented.
The city appealed against its assessment and the remedial measures ordered, including the decision to set up a monitoring centre to assist the police in changing their policy and training programme.
The Court of Appeal heard the arguments for the requested suspension on Tuesday.
The Appeals Report stated that the judge had to be removed from the case because she had violated the Code of Conduct for US Judges by stipulating that a judge should avoid the appearance of partiality; this was partly justified by a series of media interviews and public statements in which she had publicly responded to the court's criticism.
The judge had ruled that police officers were violating the civil rights of tens of thousands of people because they were inappropriately targeting black and Latin American men with the stop-and-frisk program.
It appointed an external body to monitor the implementation of major changes, including policy reforms, training and supervision, and ordered a pilot programme of body-worn cameras in neighbourhoods where most checks were carried out.
In August, the city of New York agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people who were released after police checks.
An oral hearing on the city's appeal is planned after 14 March 2014.
The stop-and-frisk tactic was criticised by a number of civil rights advocates.
Controls of this kind have existed in various forms for decades, but the number of recorded controls during the term of office of the non-party mayor Michael Bloomberg rose to an all-time high of 684,330 in 2011, most of them black and Latin American men.
In 2004, four men, all of whom belonged to minorities, filed a lawsuit that developed into a class action.
Proponents of changes to the NYPD's stop-and-frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices and create a more trustworthy and effective police force and influence the way other police departments use the scheme.
Opponents argue that the changes would dampen police morale but not crime; it would also waste money and fail to solve the broader problem of a police force that is under pressure following the loss of thousands of jobs over the last decade.
The judge pointed out that she did not end the stop-and-frisk practice, which is constitutional, but only reformed the way the NYPD implements controls.
The happiness of dreaming camels
Happiness is an oasis that only dreaming camels can reach
With this Bedouin wisdom the first chairman Wolfgang Henne described the history and fascination of the association "Helping Hands".
On Saturday afternoon the tenth anniversary of the club was celebrated, which has already achieved considerable success.
The first chairman Henne reported in detail about the work of the association.
He himself was in Mauritania for the first time in 2004 at the Cheijk Zajed Hospital in Nouakchott.
Subsequently, a further cooperation developed, and the gynaecologist Henne performed numerous operations on site during several trips.
During the speeches, pictures of the outreaches were shown on a large screen so that the guests of the anniversary event could get an idea of the actions mentioned.
The club's desert vehicle was also shown.
It is a former Federal Border Guard vehicle.
Rainer Prewo, the former mayor of Nagold, had suggested equipping this vehicle with a photovoltaic system and, according to Henne, now plans to work for the association in an advisory capacity.
In 2008 the carpentry Schleeh from Baiersbronn built the infirmary in Socogim, a slum on the outskirts of the capital, in the record time of just under a week - on a voluntary basis.
Henne also mentioned a new mother and child hospital in Nouakchott
Especially interesting in times when the maternity clinic in Nagold is to be rationalised away.
You learn a lot in Africa as a medical doctor, says Henne, for example deceleration against burnout.
Due to the political unrest in the country, it was not possible to undertake as many trips as planned, but instead many medical doctors came to Germany to spend time in various areas.
In addition, containers of material are regularly sent to Africa, including medical equipment, medicines, dressing material, hospital beds and glasses in March this year.
Co-initiator Hans-Joachim Fuchtel himself provided plenty of local colour by telling from Mauritania about Mercedes vehicles converted into mobile goat sheds and describing the experiences of the Stammheim musicians, who traditionally support the association, on their trip to Mauritania.
As his personal motives he mentioned his work in the field of auditing as a young member of parliament.
When he realized how much money was lost along the way, he decided to help Africans control a budget by the people.
Fuchtel also stressed that global economy also demands global philanthropy.
It should also not be forgotten that Africa is closer than some people think.
From Gran Canaria it is not far to Africa.
Coulson used phone hacking to verify a tip
Former News of the Word editor Andy Coulson allegedly used "phone hacking, surveillance and confrontation" in an attempt to confirm a false tip about an affair of then Home Secretary Charles Clarke.
Prosecutor Andrew Edis QC told the court in the Old Bailey that News of the World had heard a false rumor in May 2005 that Clarke was having an affair with his "attractive special advisor" Hannah Pawlby.
The newspaper hired private investigator Glenn Mulcaire to hack Pawlby's voicemails and tracked her, but Coulson also called her and left messages, the court learned.
"According to the prosecution, Coulson, who is now the editor of NotW, is not someone who stands outside people's homes hoping to catch them in the act, but someone who likes to confront people with a story to see their reaction," Edis explained.
He said NotW uses three methods to investigate stories: Phone hacking, surveillance and confrontation.
The editor is personally involved in the third method.
Obviously he knows about the second one, the surveillance, it can't be otherwise.
How about the first one?
Does he know about the phone hacking?
He denies it, but we say, "Of course he knew."
Rumors of Clarke's affair were first picked up by the feature editors at NotW when a source who was sexually interested in Pawlby was told, "Don't waste your time, she's with Charles."
A tape with voicemails from her phone from at least three occasions was recovered in Mulcaire's apartment in August 2006.
The investigators also found entries on the detective's computer where Pawlby and her sister were stored as "projects".
While the research was going on, Pawlby's grandparents received anonymous phone calls asking for information about her, Edis explained.
Meanwhile, former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversaw the monitoring of Pawlby's movements.
On June 18, 2005, Coulson left her a voicemail saying, "I have a story we want to run tomorrow that I would like to talk to Charles about."
Edis explained that Coulson's activities on this story followed the same pattern as those of other key figures, including former Home Secretary David Blunkett.
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson Blunkett had confronted a married woman about an affair when he himself was involved with co-defendant Rebekah Brooks, who was married at the time.
Coulson and Brooks deny conspiring with others to hack phones between October 3, 2000 and August 9, 2006.
Mulcaire, Thurlbeck and Weatherup have admitted to phone hacking.
In protest against the planned wealth tax, French football will indeed go on strike for the first time since 1972.
A conciliation meeting ends without result.
In the conflict over the wealth tax, the government and professional football in France have manoeuvred themselves into a dead end after a failed mediation meeting.
President François Hollande received representatives of associations and federations in the Élysée Palace in Paris on Thursday and listened to their complaints.
He refused, however, to spare football from the planned 75 per cent levy on incomes of more than one million euros per year, which all companies in the country are to pay for two years from 2014.
The opposite side also remained tough.
The strike announced for the end of November will now be carried out, announced Jean-Pierre Louvel, head of the Union of Professional Clubs (UCPF).
The Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 matches scheduled between 29 November and 2 December will therefore be cancelled.
Gechingen: No absolute protection possible
"We want to involve the residents in the planning process at an early stage", Mayor Jens Häußler opened the public information event on the flood protection concept in Gechingen.
Around 80 participants came to the community hall to have the planned measures explained to them, to ask questions, express concerns and contribute ideas.
Häußler made it clear: "The final decisions are made by the members of the municipal council".
The flood that hit Gechingen unprepared on 15 May 2009 was a decisive event that raised the question of protective measures for the future, said Häußler.
A river basin study had been commissioned with the neighbouring municipality of Aidlingen, which is now the basis for the flood protection concept in Gechingen.
"The aim is to protect as many developed plots of land as possible," says Häußler.
The planning is based on the protection against a flood statistically expected every 100 years according to the German Weather Service.
Climate change is taken into account by a 15 percent surcharge.
In specialist circles this is known as "HQ 100a climate".
The water masses that had caused considerable damage in Gechingen in 2009 were equivalent to a 1000 year flood.
"There is no such thing as absolute protection, but we can achieve a relative improvement," says Häußler.
In order to achieve the protection of HQ 100a climate, around four million euros must be invested in Gechingen, whereby the municipality can expect state subsidies of around 70 percent.
Häußler pointed out, however, that funding would only be granted if an overall concept was implemented.
For this, the municipality is dependent on the participation of the citizens.
An elaborate planning and approval procedure had to be completed.
In the best case, implementation could begin in 2016.
Among other things, the protection concept, which was already presented last week in the municipal council (we reported), provides for local measures in the tributary of the small river Irm from the Stammheim valley.
Following the presentation of the flood protection concept, the participants used the opportunity to voice their concerns.
Among other things, it was questioned why more dams and retention basins were not planned to protect the site.
Gregor Kühn, specialist planner of the commissioned engineering office Wald und Corbe from Hügelsheim, who presented the concept, emphasized that the interaction of all the measures presented was necessary to achieve the desired goal in total.
In addition, it is necessary to find the most economical solution, says Joachim Wald of Wald und Corbe.
Resentment was expressed by residents living near the old town, who suffer from a constant overload of the sewage network even during normal thunderstorms.
The problem is known to the administration and first measures have already been taken.
Häußler pointed out, however, that the guidelines for sewer systems were different from those for flood protection and that this should not be mixed up.
The municipality is obliged to design the sewerage system in such a way that it can cope with two to three years of rainfall.
Making the sewers bigger would swallow millions.
Seriously injured after collision
Early Friday afternoon, two drivers were seriously injured in a head-on collision on state road 44 near Revensdorf.
The police immediately closed the road completely, but could say little about the circumstances of the accident.
However, there were various testimonies which should first be evaluated.
What is certain is that the 19-year-old driver of a VW Golf drove in the direction of Revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from Gettorf approached her with his Hyundai.
Both vehicles collided, and the woman was so badly trapped that it took the fire brigade just under half an hour to free her from the wrecked vehicle.
The actual cause of the accident initially remained unexplained.
Both victims were taken to nearby hospitals.
The track remained fully closed for about two hours.
You could call him the Dostoyevsky of the USA.
Philip K. Dick was a godfinder, a metaphysician, his novels and stories also have something serial about them.
Amazing the relationship in the exterior: the piercing eyes, the beard, the high forehead.
And just as Fyodor M. Dostoyevsky, with his massive oeuvre, is to be understood as the founder and apologist of the Russian soul, Philip K. Dick is read as an American prophet, who is certainly worth something in his own country.
Some titles are published by Heyne Verlag, the Haffmans cassette with the 118 stories distributes Zweitausendeins.
Dick explains America - the realm of breathtaking technical progress, coupled with paranoia, security mania and the belief that you are the chosen one.
Dick had experiences of God, his late books read like a mixture of the Revelation of John and a computer manual.
Maybe he was crazy, drugs had fried his brain.
He realized early on that the computers are divinities.
He wrote a theology of the computer and asked what distinguishes a man from a machine, the Creator from his creature.
That's the Blade Runner problem.
The killing.
A master of science fiction.
A fantastic writer.
His stories have inspired film directors like Ridley Scott, Paul Verhoeven and Steven Spielberg.
This story is particularly significant now.
The "Minority Report" dates from 1956, it exudes the smell of the Cold War and the McCarthy Tribunals.
Here the principle of "pre-crime" is developed, "pre-crime", that is, what is now more or less the official doctrine of the White House.
In Dick's world, which is frighteningly similar to ours, mutants look into the future - and the police take hold.
"We record individuals who have not broken any laws," says the head of the agency.
"We'll get them before they can commit a violent crime."
And: "In our society there are no serious criminals, but we have a penal camp full of pesudo criminals". They read time streams.
They assume that bad things will happen and prevent the criminal thought from being put into action.
Dick's narrative seems like the blueprint for the anti-terror laws and the NSA's bugging frenzy.
Anticipation of the attack: This is also how Obama's drone philosophy and practice works.
But Dick's story doesn't end there.
The police chief complains that there is no longer any separation of powers, the military controls everyday life - and what is left of the state.
Then the supervisor himself is monitored and convicted of a future crime.
The system's going crazy.
It's perfect, but it lies.
It invents its own conditions.
Does not only accept errors and sacrifices, but builds on them.
The system creates the danger it fights.
Reading Philip K. Dick means getting closer to the truth again and again.
Testify about the Merkel affair in Russia
Former US secret service expert Edward Snowden could also make statements in his Russian asylum in the US-spa affair around German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
Representatives of the German Federal Prosecutor's Office could either ask questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in Russia, the agency Interfax reported.
Previously, Green Member of the Bundestag Hans-Christian Ströbele was the first German politician to meet Snowden in Moscow yesterday to talk to him about the affair.
NSA revelations fuel corporate paranoia over government surveillance
On a mild day in late August, a German police helicopter flew low over the US Consulate in Frankfurt am Main, the financial capital of Germany.
By order of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and Counter-Terrorism (BVT), the German domestic intelligence service, he was to photograph the roof of the US outpost, which is located less than 5 km from the European Central Bank and the Bundesbank.
According to the German media, the BAT wanted to prove the existence of surveillance antennas and the action led to an exchange of words between the USA and the German Foreign Ministry in Berlin.
James Clapper, US Director of National Intelligence, insisted again in September that the US did not use foreign espionage "to steal the trade secrets of foreign companies on behalf of US firms so that they could increase their international competitiveness or profits".
But since Edward Snowden, the whistleblower who has become a whistleblower, has started to publish his cornucopia of US surveillance secrets, European governments and corporate bosses are no longer sure they can take the director at his word.
Reports that the American National Security Agency is spying on Brazilian oil company Petrobas and has obtained data from American cloud providers including Google and Yahoo have taken corporate paranoia to new heights due to government surveillance.
The last straw was the revelation that Chancellor Angela Merkel's phone was bugged, possibly for ten years.
If the most powerful person in Europe can be targeted, then surely company managers are also potential targets.
Snowden has made the intensive cooperation between US secret services and companies transparent.
I think it is conceivable that this data could be used for mutual benefit.
"Germany needs to wake up," explains Oliver Grün, President of BITMi, which represents small and medium-sized IT companies in Germany.
German companies believe that the US now poses almost as great a risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft, according to a survey published in July by the consulting firm EY.
In the documents leaked by Snowden, however, there has been no evidence to date that the USA has passed on the trade secrets of foreign companies to its own firms.
Politicians have expressed their concern that the EU lacks certain IT and internet facilities and that it should reduce its dependence on the US.
The companies are sceptical about this.
In the Bundestag it was suggested that we should build a German Google.
I can only close my eyes and slowly open them again...
"It doesn't work that way," says Hasso Plattner, chairman of the German software manufacturer SAP.
If you wanted a strong European IT industry, you should not have let it die out 20 years ago.
Everything in Germany is subsidized, from coal to cars to agriculture.
Everything but the IT industry.
Yet the reach and technical sophistication of the US espionage agencies uncovered by the Snowden revelations shocked companies that had previously seen the greatest espionage risk in China.
Cloud computing is undergoing a major change as European business leaders are now more aware that data stored in the US is subject to US jurisdiction and is therefore potentially at risk.
According to a survey conducted by the Cloud Security Alliance, a trade body, following the revelations about US data mining activities with Prism, about ten percent of non-US members rejected plans to use a US provider.
Jim Snabe, SAP's vice president and chief operating officer, says, "We're seeing a new question from customers that wasn't there a year ago - where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it will remain physically within that jurisdiction?
Many German company managers are of the opinion that the latest reports simply confirm what they already knew anyway, namely that powerful states want to steal their most valuable secrets and therefore these must be guarded at all costs.
It is no surprise that industrial espionage is taking place.
It always has been.
"It was an issue for many years and has not changed fundamentally as a result of the current discussion," says Kurt Bock, Chairman of the chemical company BASF.
The Americans spy on us on a commercial and industrial level, just as we do, because it is in the national interest to defend our companies.
Management usually doesn't brag about the countermeasures taken, because that gives attackers advantages.
In large companies, employees have long been told that taking a free USB stick to a trade fair or leaving a laptop unattended in a hotel room is not advisable, to say the least.
Ulrich Hackenberk, member of the board of directors at car manufacturer Audi, says that it has been standard practice for years to collect mobile phones before a board meeting so that they cannot be used as bugging devices.
The German BAT advises managers to use simple prepaid mobile phones when travelling abroad because smartphones may be compromised.
The prepaid mobile phones are thrown away afterwards.
However, there is concern that small and medium-sized enterprises remain vulnerable to hacking and monitoring.
In Germany many of these companies are global market leaders in their respective niche.
"Small and medium-sized enterprises often lack the experience, personnel and financial resources to effectively protect trade secrets against unauthorised access," warns BAT in a report.
The USA warns own companies against industrial espionage by other countries.
According to the Washington Post, in the US National Intelligence Estimate in February, France, Russia and Israel were ranked second behind China in the countries that used hacking to obtain economic data.
A board member of a German blue chip company agreed that when it came to industrial espionage, "the French are the worst".
Bernard Squarcini, former head of the French domestic intelligence service DCRL, was quoted in an interview this month as saying: "The secret services know very well that all countries, even when they cooperate in the fight against terror, spy on their allies.
Hechingen: Trade fair provides answers to wedding questions
"Marriage is the most important voyage of discovery that man can undertake," said the philosopher Sören Kierkegaard.
Tips on how to at least make the wedding celebration a success were now given at a special fair in the Domäne in Hechingen.
Represented were important providers around a wedding.
A trend: the retro look has returned.
It starts with the wedding dresses.
White is a must, best covered or in cream.
At the front, the often ruched and embroidered dresses are closed, often with a veil, while at the back they go down the back and often end in a train.
But that's where the opinions differ, as Stefanie Koch from the fashion house Kleidermüller points out.
For men, the suit with vest and plastron dominates, but cream or brown combinations can also be chosen.
The selection of the restaurant is important, was explained.
Ornamentless adjoining rooms are not ideal, the ambience should be special.
Here the domain drew attention to its own offer in the carriage house.
Whoever then wants to drive up with the carriage has an offer for Uwe Link.
"But carriages are also popular for bachelorette parties," he says.
Romanticism is also in demand for invitation cards, flower arrangements and also for wedding pictures.
The "after-wedding photo" is becoming more and more fashionable - a series of photos taken at special places, preferably waterfalls, a few days after the party, but in wedding dress, Elisabeth Keidel explained.
Many other details of a successful wedding were presented in the domain on Sunday.
Flower arrangements, rings, wedding table, cake and also a magician, such as Marko Ripperger, who can entertain guests in style.
Not to forget the right cosmetics and nail care.
Everything for an unforgettable party.
Dog lovers successful
Once again the sportsmen of the dog friends Bitz were successful at a rally obedience tournament.
Achim Scherrenbacher started in Kandel with two dogs; with his bitch Sandy he scored 94 points in the beginner's class and secured fifth place, and with the 15-month-old Marley he finished twelfth with 87 points.
Susi Höpp faced the critical looks of the performance judge with her Woody in class 1.
Parents of a teenager from Georgia, who died in a tragic accident, believe in murder
The parents of the teenager, whose body was found in a curled up wrestling mat in the gym of his high school, are convinced that their son was murdered, the family's lawyer explained on Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson from Valdosta in the US state of Georgia was found on 11 January in an upright mat that was placed behind the grandstand in the school gym.
The investigators of the Sheriff of Lowndes County concluded that Johnson died in a tragic accident, but the family of the 17-year-old doubts.
"They are convinced that their son was murdered," Benjamin Crump, Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson's attorney, told FoxNews.com.
They never believed he died the way the sheriff concluded.
"They believe that it lacks any logic, violates the laws of physics as well as common sense," said Crump.
Rather, they are convinced that the truth is being covered up to protect the person or persons responsible for their son's death.
"Your son went to school to study and came back in a body bag," he comments.
US Attorney Michael Moore said on Thursday that there would be a formal investigation into Johnson's death because a number of important questions remain unanswered.
What was the cause of death?
Is his death attributable to a crime?
Moore explained this at a press conference on Thursday afternoon.
I follow the facts no matter which way they lead.
My goal is to find out the truth.
"It is my opinion that there is a sufficient basis for a formal investigation," he said.
Moore told reporters that the initial autopsy indicated that Johnson died of "positional asphyxiation.
However, a second autopsy revealed a different cause of death, Moore said.
"There are a number of questions that need to be answered or confirmed," he said.
Moore added that if there was sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal or civil investigation into Johnson's death, he would ask the FBI to conduct the investigation.
A representative of the County Sheriff's Office was not immediately available for comment at our request on Thursday.
A court in southern Georgia ordered on Wednesday that the authorities must release all surveillance videos that investigators have reviewed.
The teenager's parents said they hoped the video footage contained clues as to how he died.
CDC publish allergy guidelines for schools
On Wednesday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published a set of guidelines for dealing with food allergies in children in schools.
These are the first such guidelines issued by the US government as the number of school-age children with food allergies increases.
One in 20 children in the United States now has a food allergy.
The prevalence of food allergies among children increased by 18 percent between 1997 and 2007, according to the CDC.
The guidelines contain information for schools to raise awareness of food allergies among teachers and staff and how to deal with children who show allergic reactions.
It is also recommended that schools stock epinephrine - the EpiPen brand of auto-injection is the most commonly used - to counter a potentially fatal hypersensitivity reaction.
State legislators have recently changed the regulations to make it easier for schools to stock epinephrine.
The report also contains a list of typical symptoms mentioned by children who have an allergic reaction.
Children may say, "It feels like something is pressing on my tongue," "My tongue feels like there is a hair on it," or "My tongue is tingling.
Parents of intersexual children can choose "sex undefined
Germany is the first European nation to recognise a third gender for children born with ambiguous genitalia.
Newborns are no longer rigidly assigned to male or female.
According to the new law, parents no longer have to declare the sex of such children, but can indicate "undetermined" or "not determined" on the birth certificate.
The aim of the law is to relieve pressure from parents to avoid hasty decisions regarding operations for sex assignment in newborns and to combat discrimination against intersex people.
According to the BBC, years later, an intersexual person said: "I am neither man nor woman."
I remain the patchwork created by doctors, mutilated and full of scars.
It is estimated that one in every 2,000 children is not born either as a boy or a girl each year.
They belong to the intersexuals, a group that falls under the diagnosis "sexual differentiation disorder" (DSD), a collective term for people with atypical chromosomes, gonads (ovaries or testicles) or unusually developed genitals.
Wallis Simpson was possibly intersexual.
Understanding of gender identification is still not very well developed, but most experts in the US advise that the best available information should be used for gender identification if identification is not possible, and not to wait for the psychological and physical development of the child before deciding - if at all - to have surgery.
The New York psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher, who specializes in the problem of gender identification, said the new German law "sounds like a good thing".
Intersexual children pose an ethical dilemma.
"Some people have life-threatening illnesses that require surgery, but for most children this does not apply," he said.
One could assign a gender without surgery and then wait and see how the identity develops.
The scientific data on how a child develops its sexual identity in the first place is not very accurate.
Nobody knows why it's happening.
It's like the secret of why people are gay.
A report to the European Commission in 2011 states that intersexual people are to be distinguished from transsexual or transgender people because their status is not gender-related but is determined by their biological constitution, which is neither exclusively male nor female but typically defines both at the same time or not clearly as one of them.
These characteristics were manifested in subordinate sexual characteristics such as muscle mass, hair, breasts and stature, primary sexual characteristics such as reproductive organs and genitals, or in chromosome structures and hormones.
The report also provides an overview of the discrimination faced by intersexual and transgender people in the workplace and the extent of harassment, violence and crimes of prejudice.
Boys not conforming to the gender image now have a special camp.
In Australia and Nepal, it is now possible for adults to indicate male, female or "third sex" on official documents.
In June, Australian Norrie May-Welby (52) became the world's first "sexless" person to be recognised after a court granted life-long retention of an "unspecified" gender status.
According to the Ministry of the Interior, German identity cards will in future have a third assignment, X for intersexual, in addition to M and W.
In neighbouring France, gender issues are still controversial, according to a news report on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of French deputies of the strictly Catholic country signed a petition to have "gender theory" removed from schoolbooks.
The US-American website Catholic Online has also spoken out against the German law, arguing: "If the world is dragged into a new state where sex is a choice but sexual activity is not, then we are twisting two more pillars of civilization.
The mother of a newborn baby from Maryland told Baby Zone that she would prefer that babies be assigned a gender at birth.
"Being a parent is stressful enough without further restrictions, especially if you don't know the gender of your own child," she told the parents' website.
Children need stability and security.
Historically, children born with both male and female genitals were called hermaphrodites, after the attractive Greek god who had both sexes.
Only ten years ago, medicine still regarded gender as something that could be erased and then rebuilt.
However, the ethical basis of surgery is now being questioned, now that it is known how complex gender identity is, and that doctors can also be wrong because they do not know how the child will feel when growing up with the sex they have been assigned.
"In the mid-20th century, it was called a 'psychiatric emergency,'" said Drescher.
When such a child was born, they called not the psychiatrist but the surgeon.
The prevailing theory about the treatment of children with ambiguous genitals goes back to Dr. John Money of Johns Hopkins University, who held the view that sex is malleable.
He coined the term "gender identity" and argued that social and environmental impulses - how parents raise a child - interacted with a child's genes and hormones and thus shaped whether a person considered himself male or female.
But in a case from 1966 known as "John/Joan" his theories became controversial.
He advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been cut off in a botched circumcision to castrate the child completely and also to remove his testicles and then raise him as a girl.
"Money presented this case as a successful example of transformation, which it was not," said Drescher.
When the boy was about 15, he switched back to the male sex and married a woman.
But he committed suicide at 38.
According to Drescher, there are still doctors who would practice this model.
But in the 1990s, with the advent of the Internet, survivors of these sex surgeries have come forward who are "not happy with the results".
Take Jim Bruce, a 36-year-old author from Montana, who was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals.
The doctors were not clear whether he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced that he could never lead a "satisfying life" as a man.
So his external organ and testicles were surgically removed shortly after his birth in 1976 and he was raised as a girl.
At the age of 12 he received female hormones.
"I knew I wasn't a girl," he told ABCNews.com
I was unhappy, but it was really hard to ask questions.
At the age of 18 he should have a vaginal plastic surgery.
But since he was depressed and knew that something was wrong, he asked for his medical records.
What he found out was shocking.
I was sterilized at birth - and nobody ever told me that.
Bruce was born with a DSD that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to develop the genitals.
After he learned the truth, he switched back to male identity, received testosterone injections and had his breasts removed.
The operation has rendered him infertile.
Today he fights for others in an organization called Interface Project to make intersex people feel normal.
But Anne Tamar-Mattis, executive director of the California-based legal group Advocates for Informed Choice, is concerned that the German law may "encourage stamping and stigmatisation".
"Many activists are concerned that the German decision may encourage parents to make quick decisions and assign the child an 'unspecified' one," she said.
We fear that this favours intervention.
We think it would be better to assign the male or female gender and then wait and see.
But we do not yet know what the law will do, so we can only speculate.
Tamar-Mattis said her organisation supported the Australian law because "it allows adults to be recognised as the third sex".
"Adults should be able to make their own decisions about their legal gender," she explained.
The German law is about allocation at birth.
This is not a fight that small children should be forced to fight at this time.
When they are adults, they can decide about their own body.
But Dr. Arlene Baratz, a Pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a sexual differentiation disorder and supports hundreds of others in a support group, says German law "empowers" both parents and children.
Katie, Baratz's daughter, was born with male chromosomes, but has a DSD called complete androgen resistance.
Because of the receptor defect in the target cells for testosterone, Katie developed female characteristics.
She has a vagina but no uterus and no ovaries.
Today Katie is 29 and married; she works at the University of Pennsylvania as a staff member in child psychiatry.
Although she is infertile, she hopes to be able to have a child through adoption or a surrogate mother.
"The law gives parents space, so they do not have to make hasty decisions," Baratz said.
It gives them the time to do different tests and clarify things, giving them time before they write "male" or "female".
This way everything is fine - you raise the child and love it.
You have a wonderful baby and enjoy the parental happiness.
And you do not have to rush into an operation that is irreversible.
"This includes the children in the decision and removes the fear that drives parents because they think they are not doing the right thing," she explained.
In the end, the child decides on the sex that suits him or her better - and that is wonderful.
This enables children to make the decision themselves.
Unknown persons injure girl by gunshot from car
Unknown persons have injured a twelve-year-old girl in Saxony-Anhalt when shot from a car.
The perpetrators had presumably fired at a group of children in Genthin on Thursday evening with an air gun.
This was announced by the police in Burg.
The girl had been slightly injured on her left calf.
Rescue workers took the girl to the hospital.
The shot came from a small car that had passed a group of six children and suddenly stopped.
Witnesses saw two people sitting in the car.
The perpetrators also fired at a bus stop.
A window was broken.
Then they drove away.
The criminal investigation department is investigating, it was said on Friday.
So far, the Kempten police inspectorate can look back on a quiet Halloween night.
The officers were only called twice to throw eggs at children who threw them against the facades of houses.
Since the house owners recognized this in time and removed the egg remains immediately, no material damage should have arisen.
Furthermore, in the city area probably also some Sylvester firecrackers were ignited, but also here no material damage has originated.
A resident of Bischof-Freundorfer-Weg reported that his car was wrapped in toilet paper and his wheel covers stolen.
However, by the time the police arrived, the man had found all his wheel covers in the immediate vicinity, so the police did not have to take any further action.
Living with a future perspective
Actually Waltraud Ries lives in a dreamlike way.
Your house is located in a quiet residential area of Stuttgart with lots of green, an old stock of trees, nice neighbours and not too much traffic.
The city is only a few minutes away by public transport.
"I hope you're not afraid of spiders," asks Waltraud Ries and points to a fat spider on the door frame.
I have been looking for a new apartment for my husband and me for some time.
But you know how difficult it is in Stuttgart.
The reason, however, is not a spider phobia, but rather the worry of not being able to cope with the many steps to the house and in the apartment when she gets older, she explains.
In addition: since a meniscus operation, the mid-fifties had to experience first-hand what it means to move from floor to floor with a handicap.
Recently she published a book on the subject of 'Happy living in old age - Which form of living is the best for me'.
Our apartment is the best example of what is not possible in old age,' she begins to tell.
When she moved into the maisonette apartment with her husband more than 20 years ago, it was simply a beautiful apartment in the middle of greenery.
Today, in her mid-fifties, Waltraud Ries thinks differently.
But she also knows that she is one of the few people who are even dealing with the topic of 'living in old age'.
Most people repress it while they can.
Only the others get old,' she says with a smile.
Only when the suffering is really great do you start to think about it.
"But then it could already be too late," said Ries.
In her book, the interior designer presents 17 living models for self-determined living in old age.
But 'Whichever form of living you choose is always an individual decision', she explains.
There is no such solution for old age.
Even those who can afford to retire in Tuscany or Brittany should always consider that they could also fall ill.
And: 'Without a good knowledge of the national language, one can also be lonely in the dolce vita,' the specialist book author gives those willing to resettle to consider.
Among their models are classic care models, alternative forms of housing or the often quoted pensioners' shared flat.
In old age, everyone has their tics and quirks
But for me such a flat share would be nothing', she says with a wink.
Especially not like in a student flat with a shared bathroom and kitchen.
'In old age you simply need your retreat, too', says Ries.
However, the author does not want to rule out the possibility that a senior citizens' residential community can still function.
But that would have to be different from the classic student flat share.
And sometimes you just want to be left alone,' she believes.
At least in the state capital, she is not alone with this opinion.
'Most old people in Stuttgart want to stay in their own homes as long as possible', is also the experience of Theresa Rütten, head of the Citizens' Service Living in Old Age in the state capital.
Your service advises people on the topic of 'getting older'.
That is why older people in particular would often accept inconvenience and restrictions just to be able to stay in their familiar surroundings, this is also the experience of Stiftung Warentest.
Today there are many possibilities to make the house or apartment barrier-free.
Ries recommends all those who are involved in the age-appropriate conversion of their house or apartment to inform themselves thoroughly first and not to hire the first craftsman.
Today, there are also specialists for age-appropriate conversions.
Even in a rented apartment, one or the other can be realized, and if it is only the toilet seat increase, the interior designer explains.
But it is not always possible to redesign the existing apartment to make it age-appropriate and thus barrier-free, even if it is beautifully located.
Waltraud Ries had to make this experience.
Although it would be possible to install a stair lift inside the apartment, the path to the apartment door, which is also paved with stairs, would be the far greater obstacle.
She will continue to search until she has found the ideal object for herself and her husband.
She dreads the move more than the spider at her apartment door.
USA want to prosecute Snowden further
The USA has not changed its position on former US intelligence officer Edward Snowden.
He is still accused of having passed on secret information without permission.
Therefore he would have to face criminal proceedings in the USA, said the spokeswoman of the US State Department, Jennifer Psaki, in Washington.
Even the latest statements by Snowden would not change this.
Earlier, after a meeting with Snowden in Moscow, German Green politician Hans-Christian Ströbele had appealed to the USA to stop threatening him with punishment.
Psaki stressed that Ströbel's statements were those of a member of parliament and not of a German member of government.
Secret Service thumper Edward Snowden is basically willing to talk to German authorities.
First, however, he wants his situation clarified.
This was made clear by the former NSA employee sought by the USA in an unaddressed letter, which Green politician Hans-Christian Ströbele published on Friday after a meeting with Snowden and forwarded to the Federal Government, the Bundestag and the Attorney General.
According to a translation by Ströbele, the letter is worded as follows:
To those responsible
I have been asked to write to you regarding your mass surveillance investigation.
My name is Edward Joseph Snowden and I was formerly employed by contract or direct employment as a technical expert with the National Security Agency (NSA), the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) and the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) of the United States.
In the course of my employment in these institutions I witnessed systematic violations of the law by my government, which prompted me to act out of moral duty.
As a result of the publication of these concerns, I found myself exposed to a serious and persistent agitation that forced me to leave my family and my home.
I am currently living in exile and enjoy temporary asylum granted to me by the Russian Federation under international law.
I am encouraged by the response to my political actions, both in the US and elsewhere.
Citizens around the world, as well as senior officials - including the United States - have judged the revelations about an all-encompassing surveillance system that is accountable to no one, as a service to the public.
These espionage revelations led to many proposals for new laws and guidelines aimed at the previously hidden abuse of public trust.
The benefits for society from these findings are becoming increasingly clearer; at the same time, the risks accepted have been visibly reduced.
Although the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat dissent as a breach of loyalty and seeks to criminalize and indict political expression.
Nevertheless: Speaking the truth is not a crime.
I am confident that the United States Government, with the support of the international community, will put an end to this detrimental attitude.
I hope that once the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved, I will be able to participate in the responsible clarification of the facts concerning the statements made in the media, particularly with regard to the truth and authenticity of the reports, in an appropriate and lawful manner.
I look forward to speaking with you in your country once the situation is resolved and thank you for your efforts to uphold international law which protects us all.
Edward Snowden testified by Hans-Christian Ströbele
Kindergarten has found a private buyer
"The building is in good hands", says Winterlingen's mayor Michael Maier.
The municipality has sold the former kindergarten in Gartenstraße to a private person.
The sale was approved by the municipal council at its most recent meeting in the non-public part.
The building changed hands at a "reasonable" price.
"The community is satisfied," Maier emphasizes.
The budget was set at EUR 100 000.
It is not yet clear how the new owner will use the former kindergarten.
The mayor is right that Winterlingen has handed over the responsibility for the building to someone else before the winter and therefore no longer has to pay for the maintenance of the house, such as heating, looking after the garden and clearing the sidewalk.
"This effort is now gone," Maier is pleased.
Place concert at midsummer temperatures
The Musikverein Hammereisenbach gives a concert on the terrace of the Gasthaus Hammer.
When conductor Bianca Willmann raises the baton at 19.30, the thermometer still shows 25 degrees.
About 50 listeners enjoy the sounds of the musicians from Hammrich.
The chairwoman Manuela Honeck explains the pieces of music.
Honeck took this opportunity to thank all those who had helped to successfully master the first Musikerhock.
Report: Obama campaign considered replacing Biden with Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama's closest advisors have been secretly considering replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton in the 2012 election campaign, according to the New York Times.
The unveiling is the most remarkable surprise of the long-awaited work by Mark Halperin and John Heilemann on the 2012 election campaign, "Double Down: Game Change 2012".
The Times has a copy of the forthcoming book and reported on Thursday night that the president's top advisers had held "extensive group meetings and polls in late 2011" to find out if it would look better for Obama's dwindling re-election hopes if he dropped Biden.
According to Jonathan Martin, the Times' national policy correspondent, the book thoroughly traces the history of efforts by senior campaign and White House staff, notably former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley, to measure the effect on poll ratings of replacing former Secretary of State Clinton with the vice president.
The potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the Chicago campaign infrastructure and the Oval Office.
Only half a dozen of the president's closest advisors - including Daley, Obama's former campaign manager Jim Messina, and former senior White House advisors David Axelrod and David Plouffe - knew about the proposed change.
In "Double Down" it is claimed that Daley was at the forefront of efforts to exchange Biden despite their "close, personal relationship" before finally deciding against such a move after data showed that Clinton's candidacy "would not significantly improve Obama's chances.
In an interview with Martin, Daley confirmed that the government was indeed considering replacing Biden with Clinton.
"I said quite a few things that should be considered, and this was one of them," Daley told the magazine.
You have to remember that the president had terrible poll numbers back then, so we thought, "For God's sake, what are we doing?"
While Daley called the investigation "due diligence," Martin told CNN's Anderson Cooper that considerable effort was made during the re-election campaign to find out whether such a move would pay off in terms of ballot boxes.
"In campaigns, you don't spend that much money on surveys and focus groups unless you seriously think about something," Martin explained on AC360.
However, it is not clear whether Obama knew that his team was considering an exchange.
Martin told CNN that he asked Daley if his then boss had known about the potential change.
Although Daley stated that he did not believe the president was "aware" of the possible change, the former chief of staff admitted that it was "possible" that Obama had known about it.
Martin added that "Double Down" does not provide a definitive answer to the question of whether the political soundings have reached Obama's desk.
Cooper asked Martin if he seriously thinks Obama didn't know about the investigation into whether to drop Biden in the election.
"Possibly," Martin replied.
What happens to my e-mail on the way?
E-mail is actually called electronic letter.
When designing the Internet service e-mail, was the technical implementation of the secrecy of correspondence similar to that of conventional mail?
When designing the early Internet services, the focus was on making communication possible.
As a result, the basic technical protocols have not been designed to provide a stable foundation for a hearing-safe exchange of correspondence.
Therefore, a conventional e-mail is more like an open postcard than a sealed letter.
When user "Anna" sends an e-mail to "Benni", are the computers of the two directly connected?
In the first step, Anna's e-mail program or browser sends the mail to the mail server of her service provider.
For example, if she has a GMail account, that would be Google.
This mail server sends the content to the provider that Benni uses.
On the way the mail can run over several other servers in the internet.
Bennie can then call the content to his provider.
Are conventional e-mails read along on their way through the net?
Most mails are read several times by software robots on the way.
The sender's provider usually checks whether the mail contains malware as an attachment.
A virus check is also performed on the recipient systems.
In addition, the providers check whether it is an annoying and unwanted spam mail which is immediately deleted or at least sorted away into a spam folder.
Do the robots have another task?
With systems like GMail, the robot also determines the information that Google needs to place contextual advertising.
When Anna and Benni communicate via GMail about their upcoming holiday trip, Google can show corresponding links to holiday offers.
Do unknown people also read the e-mails?
The probability that unauthorized persons read a mail is extremely low.
Theoretically, however, this is possible.
In companies, administrators often have the possibility to read electronic mail.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies also have legal means to intercept or take note of e-mails.
There are also possible illegal spying activities.
Is it possible to protect e-mails against being read?
With encryption according to the OpenPGP standard, an e-mail can be effectively encrypted against being read.
With high technical effort it is also possible to disguise the metadata of an e-mail communication so that it is not even possible to easily identify who has communicated with whom.
How important are Yahoo and Google in the email market in Germany?
Yahoo and Google only play a minor role in the mainly privately used mailboxes, according to a study by Convios Consulting from August 2013.
While the shares of Yahoo-Mail had fallen recently, Google's GMail was able to increase significantly.
Mother buried in the forest and collecting a pension
When his elderly mother died, a man from Wolfsburg forged a plan.
He buried the dead in a forest - and continued to collect their pension and care allowance.
In order to be able to continue to collect his pension and care allowance, a 67-year-old Wolfsburg citizen buried his dead mother in the forest, according to police investigations.
First he covered up the death of the 89-year-old, then he collected the money for more than a year and a half.
Now the 67-year-old must answer for fraud, as a spokesman said on Friday.
According to this the man hid the woman in a forest near Helmstedt.
The man was already suspected in May: At that time it was noticed that no more medication was needed for the mother in need of care.
The pensioner told the investigators that his mother had gone to Spain.
Because the officials found this strange, they investigated further.
It turned out that the two had lived in the same apartment for more than 15 years and that he had last cared for them.
The 67-year-old had finally admitted the death of his mother.
According to the police, an autopsy revealed no evidence of a capital crime.
Fancy an ice cream that glows in the dark?
A British entrepreneur has developed the first ice that glows in the dark - with the help of jellyfish.
Charlie Francis took advantage of the fluorescent properties of sea animals and created a glowing treat.
The idea came to him after he had read a research paper on jellyfish and was able to convince Chinese scientists to produce the luminous protein artificially.
When consumed, the ice cream reacts with the tongue, raising the pH in the protein and causing it to glow.
Chris explains that the ice cream reacts to the heat in your mouth and glows - so the more you lick it, the brighter it gets.
Charlie, founder of the ice cream company "Lick Me I'm Delicious", says: "The product is incredible, but still at a very early stage of production, so you can get two grams of it for 200 pounds".
The protein used in ice cream reacts with the tongue at a neutral pH.
When the mouth heats the protein, the pH increases and the ice cream glows.
We have been testing it for the last few months and it seemed ideal to launch it on Halloween because it has this wonderful glow effect.
It is probably the most expensive ice cream I have ever made, because jellyfish luminescent material is four times more expensive than gold.
Each bullet costs me about 140 pounds.
But it tastes delicious.
Charlie's experimental Bristol-based company is famous for its unusual flavours, which include beer, cheese, beef and gold leaf.
But his latest creation is to become even more ambitious.
He says, "I'd like to develop an invisible ice cream."
This is impossible in itself because of the refraction of light caused by the ice crystals that make up ice cream, but I suspect we will find a way to do it.
The ice cream uses the fluorescent properties of a jellyfish, which are artificially produced by Chinese scientists
TSV Morsum are still without any points in the Handball Verbandsliga after six matchdays.
Now of all times, Ingo Ehlers' team will have a derby tomorrow against TSV Daverden, who celebrated their first victory last weekend.
With this game the season starts anew for us.
"I hope that we finally have a clear head," says Ehlers with cautious optimism.
At the same time he finally has his complete squad at his disposal, with the exception of the permanently injured Hendrik Blohme.
Daverden, like us, also relies on speed play.
Therefore we have to keep our error rate low.
First and foremost, however, it is necessary to increase the coverage, which has left anything but a safe impression in the end.
Davarden's coach Thomas Panitz is much more relaxed after his first victory of the season against Nordhorn.
The game was a house number, of course.
But that doesn't make us favourites, because anything can always happen in the derby.
Nevertheless, Panitz now wants to make up ground in Morsum to start a series.
Jan-Malte Jodat will be missing.
In return, the A-youth Joost Windßuß, who is active with double playing rights at the A-youth Bundesliga club HC Bremen, is celebrating his season debut.
If you're not hot in a game like this, stay home.
Halloween 2013: In numbers
When I was little, Halloween had a magical quality.
My sister and I were allowed to eat sweets, stay up late and dress up for the neighbourhood.
Today I've become more of a Halloween grouch.
For the last two years I have not agreed to distribute sweets from my apartment and I probably won't do it this year either.
But statistics show that I'm a black sheep when it comes to Halloween.
The majority of Americans - 158 million to be exact - are celebrating Halloween this year, spending a total of $6.9 billion on sweets, costumes and decorations, according to the National Retail Federation (NRF).
One thing that I look forward to every Halloween are the trend values.
The costumes will account for about 1.2 billion of the 6.9 billion US dollars spent, according to the NRF.
This year provocative inanimate objects are all the rage.
Women no longer have to wrap themselves in sexy clothes, they can now embody tempting food such as pizza, hamburgers or carrots.
As for men, I expect lots of zombies thanks to The Walking Dead, and I bet the daft punk space men will make it into the Instagram feeds this year.
According to Google, the most wanted costumes are zombies, batman, pirates and witches.
I suppose there's nothing wrong with tradition.
We dressed up our dogs last year and to my astonishment we were not alone with this.
In fact, Americans are spending $330 million this year on costumes for their pets, according to the NRF.
That's a lot of hot dogs.
We're not squeamish about sweets.
Americans will spend $1.9 billion this year, according to The Nielsen Company.
That's about 270 million kilograms of chocolate bars, lollipops, sweets and gummy bears.
So it's good news for the 41 million people who, according to the US Department of Commerce, go trick-or-treating through the neighbourhoods.
In fact, we will buy over 40 million kilos of chocolate for Halloween and - let's face it - eat it.
The only thing we don't want to consume is the sugar-sweet candy corn; yet 15 million kilograms of it are sold around Halloween, according to the National Confectionery Association.
That's about nine billion corn kernels.
It is a mystery I have not yet been able to solve.
Nothing belongs to Halloween more than haunted houses.
They have great names like "Terror Behind the Walls" (which by the way is in a real prison), "Howl-O-Scream" and "The House of Shock".
There are actually 1,200 officially recognized haunted houses in the United States that generate $500 million in revenue, according to America Haunts, and that includes those wonderful photos where you are peeing your pants and then post your friends on Facebook where you can't get rid of them, and then the guy you like leaves you a comment like "nice face".
But let's get back to the pumpkins.
Charlie Brown introduced us to the Grand Pumpkin when we were kids, and carving a jack-o'-lantern is like decorating the Christmas tree - something we did from a very young age.
Fortunately, the "baby in the pumpkin" trend only started last year thanks to Pinterest, so most of us grew up carving the pumpkin rather than sitting in it.
This year Americans will spend about 106 million dollars on pumpkins, according to the US Census Bureau.
The pumpkin lantern, which slowly rots in the front garden, probably originates from Illinois, where 245 million kilograms of pumpkins were harvested this year.
If you want to score big, call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa, California and carve something pretty out of their 921 kilo pumpkin.
Residential fire in Helmbrechts: Rescue workers recover charred body
The fire brigade had to be called out late Thursday evening in Helmbrechts.
A three-family house in the district of Hof catches fire on Friday night.
Rescue workers recovered a charred body from the house.
Rescue workers have found a charred body in a three-family house during a fire in Helmbrechts.
It is still unclear whether it is a resident, a spokesperson for the Bayreuth police said.
There had been a fire on the ground floor of the house late Thursday evening.
When the fire brigade arrived, the flames were already beating out of a window.
Emergency services went to the apartment and found the body in a room.
This room and another one burned out completely.
The entire ground floor was damaged.
All other residents were not at home during the fire, the police spokesman explained further.
The building is no longer habitable for the time being.
The exact cause of the fire was not clear at first.
Germany's largest regional church has launched an offensive to promote the profession of pastor.
The background to this is a possible shortage of pastors: the Evangelical Lutheran Regional Church of Hanover expects that the number of its current 1,800 pastors will be halved by 2030 according to the current situation.
For young people today, the profession is very attractive and offers good prospects for the future, said Pastor Mathis Burfien (43) in an interview with the Protestant Press Service.
It is attractive to be able to determine the work and daily routine yourself.
With Burfien the regional church has for the first time commissioned a pastor on a full-time post to inspire young people to study theology.
At present, fewer and fewer young people decide to study theology after graduating from high school.
Burfien attributes this to the process of de-churching: "God's voice is quiet, the world is loud".
The profession is characterised by great freedom and diversity.
I am in control of my schedule and can set my priorities where it is important to me.
Pastors could be very close to the people as pastors.
They earned as much as teachers and could make a good living from it.
Certainly, in the free economy more is paid, but theologians have a secure employer.
This, he said, is in the interests of today's young people, who are not only interested in a career, but in a meaningful job.
According to the state church, which covers three quarters of Lower Saxony, around 60 pastors are currently retiring each year.
At the same time about 40 graduates of a theology course begin their vicariate.
In sparsely populated peripheral areas such as the Harz, Emsland or Wendland, it could become difficult to fill vacancies in the future.
Among other things, Burfien wants to organize study days for young people and also invite celebrities who have studied theology.
The study of theology offered a broad education.
You can even become Federal President with it.
Land Rover Rally Series announced
The interior features racing seats and six-point seatbelts as well as a hands-free system.
Options range from reinforced brakes, a service package with supervision of Bowler-Works mechanics and logistical support to vehicle storage between events.
Drew Bowler, Managing Director of Bowler Motorsport, explains: "The rally customers who come to Bowler have changed.
They are not all experienced racers, but people who are looking for excitement and adventure and an accessible route to world-class events.
We are delighted to open up this route in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA and believe that the format will open up new opportunities to experience the various rally disciplines in the UK and abroad and prepare newcomers for the rigours and reality of Rally Raid.
We really enjoyed developing the Defender Challenge car - it's going to be an entertaining championship.
In addition, the Defender Challenge includes a training and testing day in February and the option to participate in desert races in North Africa and the Middle East.
Fire brigade called to the rescue of a puppy stuck 15 metres above the ground on a dangerous ledge in a quarry
Cocker spaniel bitch Ruby had run away after a small traffic accident
Three days later she was discovered in her predicament by a walker in the quarry
Firemen rappelled down a rock face and saved the dog from certain death
The fire brigade managed to bring a puppy to safety, which was stuck on a 15-metre high ledge in a rock face.
Nine-month-old cocker spaniel bitch Ruby had run away after a traffic accident on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday.
Scott Alderson, 25, and his girlfriend Becky Hall, 20, who own the dog, came to the Flappit Quarry in Denholme, West Yorkshire to meet Ruby again and thank the firefighters of the West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service.
They had desperately searched for their missing dog and published calls for help in social networks when she ran away to the quarry after the small traffic accident.
Around 14:15 on Wednesday, a walker walking his dog saw the stranded Ruby on the 15-meter high ledge in the quarry.
The Cleckheaton Fire Station technical rescue team rushed to the scene and rappelled down to rescue Ruby, who was then transported upstairs in a dog crate.
Andy Clayton, specialist of the technical rescue team, said: "She was in a dangerous situation.
It was located in the middle of the rock face - 15 meters from the top and the ground.
She did not move a muscle during her rescue - she was frozen stiff.
But she's fine now.
She ate some dog biscuits afterwards.
That was a pretty unusual operation.
The fact that the dog was discovered is incredible.
Peter Lau, technical rescue specialist, said, "Ruby was very lucky."
There was a possibility that she was very seriously injured or worse.
Ruby was taken to the vet for examination, but the vet found nothing except exhaustion and dehydration.
Becky Hall from Halifax, West Yorkshire, said, "Watching the rescue was frightening."
I couldn't believe she was really up there.
It was wonderful to hold her in my arms again.
The vet explained that if the exhaustion had become too great and she had collapsed, she would probably have crashed.
The firefighters did a great job.
It was really brave what they did.
We are just so grateful and each of them was absolutely incredible.
Scott Alderson from Keighley added, "We were afraid it would fall off, but it stayed up."
The firefighters were great.
I can hardly believe where she's been.
Mick Jagger states that he never hit on Katy Perry when she was 18.
In an interview with an Australian radio station this week, the pop star said she had worked as a background singer on Jagger's 2004 song "Old Habits Die Hard".
Perry explained that she had dinner with the old rocker and that "he hit on me when I was 18.
She added, "That was a long time ago and he was very nice to me."
In a statement, a representative of Jagger, 70, said Thursday that he "categorically denies that he ever made advances to Katy Perry.
The representative added: "Maybe she confused him with someone else."
Perry was one of the singers who made a guest appearance on the Rolling Stones tour this year.
Their new album "Prism" landed on number 1 this week.
George Kerevan: European unbundling gives the Scots the choice
A new day, a new horror story about independence.
This time we are warned that an independent Scotland is needed to join the Schengen area as a condition for EU membership.
This provides the cue for stories of passport controls in Berwick and a barbed wire border along Hadrian's Wall.
In fact, the Strathclyde proposal highlighted the potential economic benefits that more freedom to travel in the rest of Europe would bring, but, as expected, this was not in the headlines.
Nor has anyone mentioned that EU member states often bend their strict rules when it is more convenient for them.
Since Scotland is not currently part of the Schengen area, continued non-observance would be only a small concession to Brussels in return for what is really wanted from the Scots.
So not really a story.
And one that has come so far in years that it already resembles a fossil: I first heard the "independence means passport controls" duck at least 40 years ago.
An interesting point is lost in the constant repetition of this ancient history.
Why should an independent Scotland be expected to dance to the European tune?
Why exchange the yoke of London for that of Brussels, especially now?
This is the real European news: The great post-war plan for the unification of Europe has come to a standstill.
With the euro crisis, the European project has officially died.
Throughout the EU, parties that are hostile to the EU or want to throw the euro overboard as a common currency are gaining ground.
Even in Germany, the eurosceptic Alternative for Germany party - founded only this year - managed to win almost five million votes in the September general election, effectively driving the Free Democrats (the equivalent of the British Liberal Democrats) out of the Bundestag.
There has always been domestic resistance to the plan to create a federalist Europe.
However, the current economic crisis is proving to be a turning point.
Because of the strict austerity policy imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank, combined with the straitjacket into which the respective national economies are forced by the adherence to the common currency, many people believe that the European project has gone too far.
The euro crisis has little to do with the fact that national governments are creating excessive budget deficits - this was only the case in Greece.
Instead, the Eurosystem has pegged its members to exchange rates that are advantageous for German exporters - and German politicians would like to keep it that way.
Without the possibility of a devaluation of the local currency, Southern Europe finds itself with a built-in productivity disadvantage compared to Germany.
The only option is to cut wages and public spending - spurred on by Berlin.
Behind the current budget and currency problems lies a deeper European productivity problem.
As a result of the "green" energy directives enacted by Brussels - a code for subsidising French and German energy companies at the expense of consumers - European industry pays twice as much for electricity and four times as much for gas compared to the United States.
This is a crippling cost disadvantage, as we have already seen in Grangemouth.
All the wage fixes in the world do not protect the European petrochemical industry from being cornered by cheap American shale gas.
As a result, a revolt is brewing, especially in France, the former cheerleader of the EU.
After the war, France's political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany in check and put Paris on an equal footing with Washington.
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a gateway to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on Europe, which the ailing French economy is struggling with.
The result: Marine Le Pen's right-wing, anti-EU Front National has just won a crucial by-election, relegating the ruling Socialists to third place.
The Front National is now the most popular party in France with 24 percent of the vote - a timely warning to the British Labour Party that it cannot assume that a split in the right spectrum would automatically mean advantages for the Left.
What is Le Pen doing with her newly won popularity among the white French working class?
She wants to use next year's EU elections to forge an anti-EU, anti-community currency bloc in the European Parliament.
If the anti-EU parties do well in these elections - and this is very possible - then for the first time such a bloc could dominate the European Parliament.
This is the point I'm getting at: In the not too distant future, the growing resentment against the EU and the single currency will converge to abolish the euro.
The EU will not disappear, but it will rather become something like the "Europe of (sovereign) nations" favoured by General de Gaulle.
Germany and some of its satellite economies may hold on to the euro, but France and Southern Europe will return to their own currencies.
I expect Britain to distance itself from this project in the hope of ingratiating itself with the USA.
However, Washington's growing interest in the Pacific region suggests that the UK will be alone in the Atlantic rain.
Where is Scotland in all this?
We can choose to be a region of (ultimately) Little England.
Or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels what they can put up where.
I suspect Scotland could do quite well in a looser European federation, provided we keep our own currency.
Cooperation with other, similarly thinking countries is easier in a non-federated Europe of nations.
Otherwise, we should consider doing the same to Norway and retaining our economic independence.
The SNP government in Scotland is - remarkably - the most successful political movement against austerity in Europe and won a spectacular majority in 2011 for rejecting the proposed (and implemented) cuts, which were the responsibility of Labour Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling and the subsequent Tory-Lib Dem coalition.
It would be ridiculous for Scotland to opt for independence now, only to have Berlin and Brussels impose austerity measures.
Early Puberty: Grow up faster
African American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white peers, as studies show.
Physical changes do not yet directly mean puberty
There is no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are responsible
Experts believe that epidemic obesity is a trigger for early puberty
The trend towards early puberty is less pronounced in boys
Former CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a journalist specializing in children's health and family issues.
Should a mother be concerned when her daughter starts to grow breasts and pubic hair at the age of seven or eight?
Speaking at the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatrics Association of Pediatricians this week in Orlando, Florida, pediatric endocrinologist Dr. Paul Kaplowitz explained that these early physical changes were relatively normal among American girls and represented a new norm.
"I spend a lot of time reassuring parents - usually this is not a sign that puberty is approaching quickly," Kaplowitz explained.
Obvious signs of development, such as growing breasts, pubic and axillary hair and body odor, appear earlier in girls.
Nevertheless, there has only been a slight shift in the age of the menarche (occurrence of the first menstrual period) in the last 40 years.
In the United States the average age is 12.5 years, slightly less than 12.75 in 1970.
"When the development of the breasts begins, it takes at least another two to three years until the menarche," said Kaplowitz, also author of the book "Early Puberty in Girls: The essential guide to dealing with this common problem".
Time is the most accurate test of how puberty progresses.
It is controversial what actually represents the beginning of puberty, but it is considered "precocious" if the breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before the age of eight years.
In most cases, the process slows down or stagnates - something that a pediatrician can monitor closely.
If progressing more rapidly, tests by an endicronologist may be indicated to rule out serious problems such as tumours or cysts.
There are treatments available to delay early menstruation and ward off another consequence: premature aging of the bones, which can ultimately lead to growth inhibition and thus small body growth in adults.
The recommendations for drug or hormonal therapy are based on the child's age, developmental speed, growth rate and emotional maturity.
Psychosocial aspects are also important.
Kaplowitz is reticent about medication, but he admits: "Suppressing puberty can alleviate behavioral problems and the feelings of girls to be different from their peers.
The other big problem is understandable: parents simply do not want their very young daughters to have the period.
"They worry about the risk of pregnancy or how they handle the hygiene side," Kaplowitz said.
"It was a shock," recalls a woman whose daughter got her period at ten.
Even though there were first signs and we had talked about menstruation, she was not emotionally prepared.
She came home from school scared and excited because she was the first in her circle of friends.
There are many extensively published theories on the causes of premature puberty.
But there is no conclusive evidence that hormones in milk or other foods, chemicals in the environment or sexual messages in the media are causative.
Boys reach puberty in a similar way to girls in the past.
Kaplowitz believes that the most convincing premise is the epidemic of obesity.
He supported the conduct of a study in 2001 on girls aged six to nine years, which established a link between body fat and the onset of puberty.
Other research supports this conclusion, but there are many other factors that play a role.
In this country, African American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts.
There are different explanations for this.
Globally, early puberty seems to be influenced by all kinds of things, from economic conditions to climate and genes.
Another mystery: Although boys grow facial and pubic hair earlier, the trend towards full earlier puberty is not as pronounced as in girls.
Other doctors at the AAP conference underlined the complexity of the issue.
The appearance of acne and pubic hair is common even in babies and toddlers.
"We need to be careful how we identify the true onset of puberty," said Dr. Lawrence Silverman, a pediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children's Hospital in Morristown, New Jersey.
Parents should not hesitate to seek advice from their pediatrician on how to speak to their child.
"This may mean having to have a conversation earlier than expected," Kaplowitz advised.
If you remain calm, the child usually reacts well.
Girls who blossom early need the assurance that the process is a normal part of life, even if it happens sooner than expected.
Jumbo manufacturers argue about seat width in the face of large orders
A dispute has broken out between leading aircraft manufacturers over the width of tourist class seats on long-haul flights, setting the tone for a bitter clash at this month's Dubai Airshow.
The dispute revolves around the seat width offered to passengers on long flights in coach - not always the most sought-after by airlines, but this designated space is key to the efficiency claims of the latest Airbus SAS and Boeing Co. aircraft.
Airbus this week called for an industry standard requiring a minimum seat width of 46 cm (18 inches) in coach class, but US arch-rival Boeing says the airlines should decide.
The confrontation comes at a time when aircraft manufacturers are competing to sell even larger versions of their twin-engined long-haul aircraft and are expecting record orders at the event from 17 to 21 November.
The design of the rear section of the aircraft - in particular whether there are rows of nine or ten seats - is decisive for the stated economic results that the new "mini-jumbo" design is intended to deliver.
Boeing claims that its modernized "777X" seats 406 passengers in coach class seats that are over 17 inches wide, allowing ten per row.
Airbus states that the competing version of the A350 carries 350 passengers in 18-inch wide tourist class seats, with nine per row.
Aircraft giants often hand out blows about technical details by means of advertising in the trade press.
Airbus is now appealing directly to the public before the Dubai Airshow, where the 777X is expected to win the race with over 100 orders.
Recently, the company presented an ad that could be the beginning of a new ad war, showing backers a picture of three people squeezed together in a restaurant, and the title: "Would you accept this?
"Boeing is proposing long-haul flights in seats that are narrower than regional turbo-props," says Airbus sales director John Leahy.
With changing eating habits, people are getting fatter, but aircraft seats have not changed radically.
Between the early 1970s, when the Boeing 747 defined modern long-haul travel, and the end of the century, the weight of the average male American between 40 and 49 years of age increased by ten percent, according to data from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
The waist circumference of the average male American in the 21st century is 100.8 cm according to US health statistics.
Airbus says its rival is sticking to a seating concept from the 1950s, when the average girth of the newly christened "jet set" was narrower.
According to Airbus, studies have been carried out which show that an additional inch (2.54 cm) per seat increases sleep quality by 53 percent.
Boeing disputes Airbus' figures on seat dimensions and says that it is not at the manufacturers' discretion to decide how airlines balance airfares and furnishings.
The company also explains that, according to research, the experience on the plane depends on more than the width of the seat.
"It really comes down to giving airlines flexibility to do what they think they need to do to be successful," explains Boeing's flight cabin expert Kent Craver.
They do not want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable.
They know their business better than anyone else.
For passengers it is about more elbow room, but for manufacturers it is increasingly becoming an issue that can have an impact on sales.
Behind the dispute is a race for aircraft orders with an estimated volume of at least 700 billion US dollars at list prices in the coming decades, which could have a lasting effect on the export balance of the USA or Europe.
As Reuters first reported in July, seat layout is the driving force behind the debate about the new jets.
Both Airbus and Boeing claim 20 percent more efficiency per seat in their latest twin-engine long-haul designs than the market leader in this segment, the 365-seat Boeing 77-300ER.
Boeing's statements on the results depend in part on comparing the 777X, with its ten seats per row, with the original design of nine seats in the 777.
The increased costs per unit are still lower than in the case of currently used machines with ten seats per row.
"Boeing is therefore squeezing more seats into its aircraft to make it more competitive with our products," says Kevin Keniston, Head of Passenger Comfort at European Airbus.
On the other hand, analysts say full cabins with ten seats per row with existing 777s indicated that many passengers chose the tighter arrangement, which could be accompanied by cheaper air fares.
"Eighteen-inch seat width would be great for passengers, but the reality is: from an economic point of view, the Airbus offer is driven by the threat of the 777," says Mary Kirby, cabin furnishing expert, founder and editor of Runway Girl Network.
Airbus and Boeing do not offer seats, but a catalogue of suppliers from which the airlines can choose.
The world-traveling jet salesmen even carry tape measure to measure the interior at the competition.
Even if they advertise comfort, all manufacturers also offer jets with high density designs for budget airlines and regional flights.
Airbus offers an A350 with ten-seat rows, but has not yet sold one.
Until recently, Airbus emphasised the importance of more adaptable cabins and offered wide aisle seats for some jets.
Without the support of the only other manufacturer of large modern jets, experts say that the call for a new industry standard will probably fizzle out, but could divert attention from the wave of 777X sales.
New anti-nicotine vaccine could end the pleasure of smoking
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could spoil the fun of smoking.
A single dose of the vaccine could protect mice from nicotine addiction for a lifetime.
More trials are needed before tests on humans can be carried out, which may take several years, but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York said the initial results are good.
"We are very hopeful that this type of vaccination strategy can one day help millions of smokers who have tried to quit, using all the methods available on the market, but have found that their nicotine addiction is stronger than these approaches," Cornell said.
The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been modified to contain the genetic information needed to produce nicotine antibodies.
The virus selectively infects the liver cells, which then produce a constant stream of antibodies.
The antibodies hunt the nicotine molecules in the blood and neutralize them before they reach the brain, so a smoker does not experience a nicotine high.
In experiments, vaccinated mice given nicotine maintained their normal activity levels.
Mice without vaccination, however, took a "time-out", the researchers explained, a sign that the nicotine had reached their brain.
The experiments are described in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
Previous tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies.
Vaccinations had to be given so frequently to maintain antibody levels that they were expensive and impractical.
However, the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be much lower because it turns liver cells into antibody factories.
As Professor Crystal said, a future vaccine for humans, if it was safe, could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette, thus preventing nicotine addiction.
But more likely, smokers would use it to quit.
"They then know that when they start smoking again, they no longer feel pleasure in it because of the nicotine vaccine, and that helps them to break the habit," he explains.
British scientists said the results were interesting, but warned at the same time that more research was needed.
Tripodi denies having been influenced by Obeid
An investigation by the state corruption watchdog is being launched against the former Labor Party minister Joe Tripodi from New South Wales.
The former NSW minister denies having changed the maritime lease regulations at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three plots of land on state-controlled land.
The Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) on Friday extended its investigations into whether Obeid has influenced several ministers of state to extend leases on Circular Quay, where Obeids ran two restaurants and a café, without a call for tender after they expired in August 2005.
Now, Tripodi is under investigation for allegations that he knew of Obeid's hidden interest in the properties after Tripodi's former deputy chief of staff, Lynne Ashpole, testified on Thursday.
In years of talks, which began in 2005, the government had pushed for public tenders for the leases.
The lessees were against this and also wanted longer terms.
In 2009, the leases for the companies on Circular Quay, which brought the Obeids $2.5 million annually, were extended without a public tender.
Tripodi, who was Minister of Ports from February 2006 to November 2009, had originally advocated public tendering.
However, he denied that he had made the changes at the request of Obeid, who, as Tripodi confirmed, had pressed for a change in the government's lease arrangements.
A telephone transcript submitted to ICAC showed conversations in August and September 2007 between Obeid, Tripodi and Steve Dunn, a senior official who had moved to the Port Department after working under Obeid at the Fisheries Authority.
"Was the subject discussed in these telephone conversations the drafting of the commercial lease arrangements?" asked Deputy Commissioner Anthony Whealy Tripodi.
"No," replied Tripodi.
I can't remember what was discussed, but it definitely wasn't.
Definitely not between me and Mr Obeid.
Israeli fighter planes attack target in Syria, according to official sources
Israeli fighter planes attacked a target in the Syrian port of Latakia on Thursday night, a senior government official told Fox News.
The official did not explain what the objective was, but said that it was at least one.
According to the Associated Press, the target was Russian SA-125 missiles.
At least twice this year Israel has already carried out air strikes on rocket deliveries in Syria.
Foreign workers with 457 visas could be subjected to "authenticity tests
The government is considering an "authenticity test" for foreign workers with 457 visas as part of extended measures.
Should the test be introduced, it would be applied via a criterion designed to prevent the 457 from being used to fill unskilled jobs or as a back door for family and friends to move to Australia.
A government proposal for discussion was published today after former Labor Party MP Maxine McKew condemned the government's comments regarding foreign workers because they could be considered an insult by Australia's neighbors.
"Vociferous statements such as 'foreigners should get in line at the back of the queue' and 'Australians should get in line first' are a very unpleasant backslide at a time when unions are demanding a protected labour market," she told the Australia India Institute today.
Historically, this meant that white workers were to be protected - and if some in the region were to hear an echo of this historical artifact, I wouldn't be surprised.
The proposal for discussion outlines twelve measures once envisaged by former Immigration Secretary Chris Bowen.
Immigration Secretary Brendan O'Connor, who was in Sri Lanka yesterday for talks on human smuggling, has implemented five of the recommended changes, the others are still under consideration.
If the "authenticity criterion" is taken over, then someone applying for a visa could be checked as to whether "the application is genuine in cases where the applicant is related or personally connected with the holder or a relevant person of the supporting organisation".
Companies could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders, after companies that initially wanted to support only a small number of workers eventually hired hundreds.
Meanwhile, a 35-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker presumably died of a heart attack after arriving on Christmas Island this week in a refugee boat.
The distraught nine-year-old son of the man who came with him to Australia has been taken care of by an adult cousin who was also on the boat since his father died on Wednesday.
Australian authorities brought the man to the Christmas Island Hospital where he died.
A study has been announced by the UK government to increase the benefits of the HS2 rail project for Scotland.
The work of HS2 Ltd proposes to implement high-speed links between Scotland and the north of England from the start of Phase 1 in 2026.
Minister of Transport Baroness Kramer said the project "will bring Britain closer together".
Scottish Transport Minister Keith Brown said he was delighted to be working with the British government on this plan.
Phase 1 consists of a new high-speed rail link between London and the West Midlands.
After completion of Phase 2 there will be connections to Manchester and Leeds.
In June the government corrected the estimated cost of building the high-speed rail link between London and northern England from £32.7 billion to £42.6 billion.
The British government, which is in discussions with Transport Scotland, has commissioned HS2 Ltd to look for further route capacity and travel time improvements for the north of England and Scotland.
This includes the possibility of a journey time of ultimately three hours or less from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London.
Baroness Kramer said: "Our aim for HS2 is to create a truly national route network that will bring Britain and its cities closer together.
We're going ahead with HS2 because it has enormous advantages.
Without it, we are facing a capacity crisis in our rail network.
But it also concerns the connection between 18 British cities, including Glasgow and Edinburgh, which is being improved thanks to HS2.
Scottish Secretary of State Alistair Carmichael commented: "Today's announcement is good news for Scotland."
On behalf of the Scottish Executive, Keith Brown called on Carmichael to make a "clear" commitment to Scottish integration into the HS2 network.
Brown said: "The high-speed rail link has the potential to deliver huge economic benefits to Scotland, but at the same time the economic strength of Scotland provides an argument for fast rail links throughout the UK".
We are therefore delighted to be working as a partner to the UK Government to explore the options for a high-speed rail link in Scotland that will create benefits for all and complement the Glasgow-Edinburgh link that the Scottish Government is already planning.
I look forward to examining the investigation report with UK ministers next year and jointly deciding on the next steps.
Provisions on electronic equipment on aircraft remain provisionally in force in Australia
Australian air passengers must continue to turn off tablets and smartphones during take-off and landing, despite efforts in the US to relax regulations on such devices.
The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) allows U.S. airlines to change their regulations so that passengers can read e-books, watch videos or play games on their devices during critical phases of flight, provided they are in "flight mode".
During most of the flight, passengers are already allowed to do this, but many people find it annoying that they are not allowed to read their e-books during take-off and landing.
Australian airlines are monitoring the decision, which requires a huge amount of work on the part of US airlines to implement, but have no immediate plans to change their regulations.
The air traffic control authority CASA also said they would look into the announcement, but stressed that the restrictions on the use of electronic equipment during critical flight phases still apply in Australia.
"CASA currently has no specific regulations regarding the use of electronic equipment on aircraft," it was announced.
The issue is subject to regulations requiring airlines to maintain safety at all times and passengers to follow the safety instructions given by cabin crew.
Virgin has already held talks with CASA about expanding the use of its Wi-Fi entertainment system on flights and has stated that it is open to change, but that this must be initiated by the legislature.
"We would welcome a review of CASA's approval of electronic devices, as we believe this would improve the customer experience now that we offer (wireless entertainment) in-flight," said a spokesperson.
Qantas declared that they will stick to the current regulations for the time being.
"Our current policy is not to use electronic equipment during take-off and landing, and we have no plans to change that at this time," the company stated.
The FAA regulations apply to US airlines.
However, we are always interested in developments in regulations from which passengers can benefit and will certainly take a close look at the FAA decision and the reasons behind it.
For US companies, this decision has different effects depending on the age of the fleet.
They must demonstrate that their aircraft can tolerate the radio interference from mobile devices and change manuals, training materials, carry-on baggage programmes and customer instruction.
"Once an airline has confirmed the tolerance of its fleet, it can allow passengers to use portable, lightweight electronic devices such as tablets, e-book readers and smartphones at any altitude," the FAA announced.
In rare cases of poor visibility, the crew will instruct passengers to switch off the equipment during landing.
The group also recommended that heavier equipment be safely stowed under the seat or in the compartments above the seats during take-off and landing.
Before the district derby against Schalke, BVB supporters who had travelled with them had used flares to create ugly scenes in the Veltins-Arena.
Borussia Dortmund then announced harsh consequences.
Before the Bundesliga football match on Friday against VfB Stuttgart, the Ultras reacted with silence - for the time being.
The acoustics were unusual, almost spooky, and the spectators could enjoy them until shortly before the kick-off of the Bundesliga match between German runners-up Borussia Dortmund and VfB Stuttgart in the Signal Iduna Park.
Mostly the fans of the guests could be heard with their songs.
The South Stand, on the other hand, where the most loyal - and loudest - BVB fans are standing, initially presented itself as exceptionally quiet: No chants, no battle cries.
The podium of the Capo, which otherwise coordinates the joint cheering, remained unoccupied.
And at the very front of the grandstand, a large flag with the inscription "Section stadium ban" was waving lonely.
Only when goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller, as always the first BVB player to enter the pitch, was there a brief burst of cheers.
When his teammates followed, there was loud singing and waving scarves - but not everywhere.
Nothing moved in the central blocks 12 and 13 of the south stand.
Even the fact that stadium spokesman Norbert Dickel once again listed the positive experiences of the last few days - derby victory, victory over Arsenal, contract extension of coach Jürgen Klopp - did not create a festive mood.
It was only five minutes before kick-off that the Capo climbed his podium - and the tension, which had been almost palpable with his hands until then, was released in a loud scream as Dickel, as usual, questioned the mood on the stands in the stadium.
Last, as always, was the south stand - and finally, as usual, the loudest place in the stadium was here again.
And at the latest when the kick-off from the south grandstand was accompanied by the loud call "Derby winner stands up", everything was back to normal.
The silence before was probably a reaction to the events of the past days.
Immediately before the FC Schalke 04 district derby, some of the BVB supporters who had travelled with them fired flares into the spectator stands and onto the pitch - and almost hit goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller in the process.
The game was started late because of the chaotic scenes.
BVB boss Hans-Joachim Watzke then received the top Dortmund Ultras in his office - and if you believe Watzke's words, this was a rather uncomfortable appointment for the fan representatives.
"There will be massive cuts for the entire Ultra movement," the BVB boss announced on Thursday evening at a panel discussion in Frankfurt.
As an immediate measure, Watzke forbade the Ultras to choreograph for the home game against VfB Stuttgart.
"I have forbidden it," he declared.
We cannot abandon the zero tolerance policy on pyrotechnics.
In addition, the Ultras were shown various ways of punishing them - they now have until Tuesday to decide on one.
Otherwise, according to Watzke, BVB will determine a sanction by the end of next week.
"This will be decisive," assured Watzke.
It will be interesting to see how the reactions on the south stand will turn out.
Pawnshops are booming in Singapore as the crisis has reached the middle class
In a pawn shop in the Bendemeer shopping centre in Singapore, Janani Amirthalinga exchanges a gold bracelet, a ring and a pair of earrings to pay her daughters' school fees.
"My husband and I have just bought a house, all my money is in it," says Amirthalinga.
Although she earns 3.000 Singapore dollars (approximately 1.730 Euro) per month as an administrative employee and her husband also works, the monthly family income is not enough, she explains.
In fact, demand in parts of Southeast Asia - where household debt is increasing - is so strong that ValueMax, where it made its swap, became the third pawnshop listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange this week.
Pledging jewelry is not only a quick way to get money - 1,300 Singapore dollars in the case of Janani Amirthalinga - but also almost as cheap as an unsecured bank loan.
Typically, pawnbrokers in Singapore charge an APR of 17 percent, which is only slightly higher than the 15.4 percent charged by United Overseas Bank, a local lender with a branch in the same shopping center.
However, pawnshops offer the advantage that no credit check or proof of income is required here, which is why loans can be obtained faster than from banks.
For this reason, millions of people in the region turn to pawn shops after families feel the pressure of rising living costs and increasing household and consumer debt.
After five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis and cheap credit due to loose fiscal policies in developed economies, families with lower and middle incomes are turning to pawn shops to make up the difference when the economy stutters.
This week the rating agency Standard & Poor's described growing household debt, mainly due to rising mortgages, as a risk factor for the creditworthiness of Asian banks.
Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore have the highest budget debt in Asia in relation to gross domestic product, according to the agency's estimates.
Malaysia heads the list with 80 percent of GDP, an increase of 60 percent in 2008.
Economists are also worried about the high level of consumer debt in Thailand, which narrowly emerged from a technical recession this week.
On Thursday, the data showed continued weakness in exports and weakening consumer demand.
"In the end, this means that as costs rise, people in the middle to lower segment (the income scale) will try to supplement their income wherever possible," says Song Seng Wun, an economist at CIMB, a Malaysian bank.
Historic highs in gold prices over the past two years have reinforced the trend towards pledging personal effects as people take the opportunity to turn family jewellery into cash.
In Singapore, about 70 percent of the items pledged in the 200 pawn shops of the city-state are gold.
People say to themselves, "The gold price looks good, let's pawn Grandma's gold chain and get it back next month."
The largest Thai pawn shop operator, EasyMoney, has seen a 20 percent increase in customer numbers in its branches in recent months.
The growth in the deposit business is so strong that ValueMax, which operates the Bendemeer branch and 15 others in Singapore, is looking to expand not only into neighbouring Malaysia - where the company operates four homes - but also outside Asia, said Yeah Lee Ching, managing director of ValueMax.
The company is financing this with 60 percent of the 66 million Singapore dollars it raised this week with its IPO in Singapore.
While some lenders have been caught in the crossfire because of high interest rates, Yeah explains that not only do pawn shops offer lower interest rates than other lenders, but they don't directly increase debt.
"Customers lend items they already own, and liquefying personal valuables does not increase household indebtedness," she explains.
The pawnbroking business is increasingly accepted by society as a short-term, secured financing.
Also, not all people who use pawnshops are in financial difficulties.
Rich people from Singapore also come to ValueMax stores to pawn gold bars and Rolex watches, for which they receive up to 60 percent of the purchase price in cash.
Customers from every social class come to us.
"These include wealthy people who borrow for a business or investment in the short term, or small businesses that need to bridge cash flow shortfalls," says Yeah.
Sometimes they just need money very quickly.
NSA siphons data from Google and Yahoo - Snowden wants to help
The secret service investigator Edward Snowden has a fundamental interest in helping Germany to clear up the increasingly explosive NSA spy affair.
According to Green Member of the Bundestag Hans-Christian Ströbele, his surprise meeting with Snowden in Russia was about the conditions under which the former secret service agent would testify before a German public prosecutor's office or before an investigative committee.
Ströbele told the ARD magazine "Panorama" that Snowden had referred to his complicated legal situation.
325 million Australian dollars bailout package for Tasmanian health care
The Australian government is insisting on the tough conditions attached to the 325 million Australian dollars bailout package for Tasmania's healthcare system to ensure that the state government cannot waste the money.
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek has announced that the Commonwealth will take "immediate action" to avert a crisis caused by an ageing population of the island state, a higher rate of chronic illness and systemic constraints.
The funding for a four-year period was decided after government consultations with independent Tasmanian MP Andrew Wilkie.
"The government has put together an emergency rescue package that we believe addresses the unique challenges facing the state," Plibersek said today.
The $325 million package includes $31 million in emergency aid for election services.
A further 2600 operations, including orthopaedic surgery and cataract treatment, are expected to eliminate backlogs.
In addition, there is money for day hospitals in Hobart and Launceston, better aftercare after inpatient stays, specialist training, mental health services and the introduction of a system for electronic recording of health data in local hospitals.
"These investments are in line with ideas that affected clinic staff have told me are the best way to improve the Tasmanian healthcare system," said Tanya Plibersek.
The Minister insisted on strict reporting and accountability of the Tasmanian government.
The state would have to maintain the current level of funding to receive money from the Commonwealth and report monthly on where the extra money was spent.
A three-member commission will be established to ensure that the state provides health services as effectively and efficiently as possible.
As Wilkie explained today, the $325 million will be of little use unless "it is accompanied by real reforms that put Tasmania's public health system on a more sustainable course.
Nevertheless, he praised the government for responding to his request for urgent assistance, which he first expressed to the Prime Minister in early May.
"I am confident that federal aid will make a major contribution to taking the state's public health system off the list of concerns," Wilkie said.
According to the state government, these electoral achievements will largely make up for the recent cuts.
However, Peter Dutton, the health policy spokesman for the opposition at federal level, believes that today's announcement is only a "patchwork solution".
"We are in the current situation because the Labor State Government has withdrawn $430 million from the health care system," he told ABC TV.
It can't be that a state government rips almost half a billion dollars out of the system and the Commonwealth puts in 300 million and then pretends it's good news.
Dutton called on Plibersek to guarantee that not a single dollar of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy.
Guillaume Nicloux's adaptation of Denis Diderot's novel impresses with exceptional production equipment and contemporary details, but is also heavier than necessary.
Set in France in the 1760s, the plot tells the poignant story of Suzanne, a young noblewoman sent to a convent by her family.
When she rebels, she is confronted with the extreme cruelty of an extremely sadistic matron and becomes the object of erotic fascination of another.
The film never slips into lechery or sensationalism - and therein lies its problem.
The solemn seriousness with which the film is told also makes it a torturous penitent shirt for the audience.
Syria has destroyed its ability to produce chemical weapons, according to a monitoring group
Syria has destroyed key facilities for the production of chemical weapons and poison gas ammunition, the Global Monitoring Group on Chemical Weapons said Thursday, while in the north of the country there were serious clashes near one of the sites where allegedly toxic substances are stored.
Also on Thursday, a Syrian activist group announced that more than 120,000 people have been killed since the beginning of the civil war almost three years ago.
The announcement of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) came one day before the deadline on
1 November, which the Hague-based organisation Damascus had set to destroy or make "inoperable" all facilities for the production of chemical weapons, including all machinery for mixing chemicals into poison gas and filling ammunition.
The completion of this process, which is essentially the first stage of destruction, is an important milestone in an ambitious timetable aimed at the destruction of all Syrian chemical weapons by mid-2014.
The destruction of the facilities means that Syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons.
However, Damascus has yet to start destroying the existing weapons and supplies.
It is assumed that there are about 1,000 tons of chemicals and weapons in the country, including mustard gas and the nerve gas sarin.
The announcement came at a time when fighting took place in the town of Safira on Thursday, where experts say there is a chemical weapons production facility and storage facilities, according to the UK-based Syrian Human Rights Observatory.
The activist group, which tracks the number of deaths through a network of activists in Syria, said on Thursday that 120,296 people died.
Of these 61,067 were civilians, including 6,365 children.
On the government side, 29,954 of them belonged to the army of President Bashar Assad, 18,678 were pro-government fighters and 187 Lebanese Hezbollah militias.
Also among the dead were 2,202 deserted army soldiers and 5,375 opposition fighters, many of them foreigners.
On 25 July, the UN estimated the number of deaths in this conflict since March 2011 at 100,000.
This figure has not yet been updated.
The conflict has forced about two million people to flee the country.
Assad's troops have been fighting against the rebels in Safira for weeks, many of whom have links to al-Qaeda groups.
The Observatory said there had been losses on both sides on Thursday, but did not give details.
The fighting underscores the danger faced by chemical weapons inspectors, as their mission to free Syria from its toxic arsenal is a race against time in the midst of a raging civil war.
According to the OPCW, which works closely with the United Nations, the team "is now convinced that it has seen and witnessed the destruction of all major production and mixing/bottling facilities mentioned by Syria.
Therefore "no further inspection activities are planned at this time."
Earlier this week, inspectors stated that they had completed the first round of inspections and visited 21 of the 23 sites indicated by Damascus.
Due to security concerns, the visit of two facilities was not possible, the inspectors said.
On Thursday, the OPWC declared that the two sites had been "abandoned" according to Syria. and the chemical weapons programme objects there had been transferred to other named facilities that had been inspected.
It was not immediately clear whether the Safira site was one of the two facilities that OPCW inspectors were unable to visit.
Syria has submitted a plan for the complete destruction of its chemical weapons, which must be approved by the OPWC Executive Committee next month.
"I take my hat off to the bravery and courage that you all have shown in carrying out the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organisation," said Ahmed Uzumcu, the Director General of the monitoring organisation in a commentary published by OPCW.
For three years now, the mainly Sunni Muslim rebels have been fighting in this civil war against Assad's government and its security forces, to which many Alawite members belong, a secession of Shiite Islam.
Looking ahead to further developments, Rami Abdurrahman, head of the observation group, said there had been a strong explosion at an air defence facility in the Syrian coastal province of Latakia on Wednesday.
The cause of the explosion is not known, he explained.
Anger over verdict for Bali bombers
Survivors and relatives of the 202 people who died in the Bali bombing in 2002 reacted angrily to the verdict for the last of the instigators to be brought to justice, as they believed Umar Patek should be shot dead on sight.
Patek, who has been on the run for almost ten years as one of the most wanted persons in Southeast Asia, was sentenced yesterday to 20 years in prison for his role in the construction of explosives for the bomb attack.
With parole, he could be released after 15 years.
The 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in Kuta's popular tourist district, in which 202 people died, including 88 Australians, and many more were injured.
A conviction was also handed down on a number of terrorism-related charges, including a wave of bomb attacks on churches in Indonesia on Christmas Eve in 2000.
The public prosecutor's office had demanded a life sentence, even though it could have applied for the death penalty for the man, who is also known as the "Demolition Man" because of his reputation as a master bomb maker.
The decision has brought back painful memories for June Corteen, a mother from Perth who lost her 39-year-old twin daughters Jane and Jenny in the devastation wrought by Patek and his co-conspirators nearly ten years ago.
Fighting with tears, she said Patek should have been sentenced to death.
I really think he should follow in the other guys' footsteps.
"He should be put before a firing squad," Corteen told AAP.
I have to live every day with the fact that I will not have any more grandchildren and I will never see my daughters again.
The Sari Club was razed to the ground when a huge bomb exploded in a small truck parked in front of the nightclub on 12 October 2002 shortly after 11pm.
Peter Hughes was in Paddy's Bar, where just 20 seconds earlier a suicide bomber exploded a backpack filled with explosives.
He fell into a coma for a month after the attack and "died" three times while on life support.
Hughes said Patek deserved the same fate as the three other members of the terrorist cell Jemaah Islamiah - Amrozi, Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who were responsible for the massacre and were executed four years ago.
Really, this guy should get the death penalty before anyone else.
To let him live - no, there is no reason to let him live.
To get 20 years after killing 202 people and injuring many hundreds is not much.
Patek is the last of the Bali bombers on trial.
He evaded arrest for almost a decade, but was finally apprehended in January 2011 in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad, where US forces killed former al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden barely four months later.
During the trial, an FBI agent testified that intelligence reports indicated that Patek was in Pakistan to meet bin Laden with the aim of rebuilding the link between Southeast Asian terrorist groups and al-Qaeda.
"He didn't turn himself in," Corteen said.
Until recently, he showed no remorse for how much suffering he had caused other people.
The verdict comes ahead of the tenth anniversary of the attack this year, which will be commemorated with commemorations in Bali and Australia.
"There will be many tears this year," said Corteen.
Patek can still appeal against his decision.
FAA: Passengers can now use electronic devices on airplanes (but cannot make mobile phone calls)
Air travelers can now use their electronic devices to read, work, play games, listen to music and watch movies from takeoff to landing, but not use their cell phones, according to new guidelines issued Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in the United States.
But passengers should not expect these changes to be implemented immediately.
How quickly they would be implemented would depend on the respective airline, FAA employee Michael Huerta explained at a press conference.
Airlines must demonstrate to the FAA that aircraft comply with the new regulations and that they have updated their flight crew training manuals and stowage arrangements to reflect the new rules.
The FAA stated that it has already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of portable electronic devices on aircraft.
Among these airlines were Delta and JetBlue.
"Depending on the status of the plan, we could approve the expanded use of electronic equipment very soon," the FAA announced in a statement.
Currently, passengers must turn off smartphones, tablets and other devices when the aircraft doors are closed.
You may only take it off again when the aircraft has reached an altitude of three kilometres and the captain gives the green light.
When entering the landing approach, passengers must switch them off again and may not take them off again until the aircraft has landed.
Under the new guidelines, airlines whose aircraft are protected against electronic interference can allow their passengers to use the devices during take-off, landing and on the tarmac, the FAA explained.
Most new commercial aircraft and other aircraft converted to use Wi-Fi at high altitudes should meet the criteria.
Laura Glading, President of the Professional Flight Attendants Association, welcomed the changes.
"Once the new regulation is safely implemented - and we are working closely with the airline on this - both sides will benefit," commented Glading.
To be honest, we are tired of feeling like watchdogs on this issue.
Nevertheless, Internet connections for surfing, exchanging e-mails, text messages or downloading data remained prohibited under three kilometres, the authority explained.
Passengers are requested to put smartphones, tablets and other devices into flight mode.
So still no "Words With Friends", the Scrabble-like online game that actor Alec Baldwin played on his smartphone in 2011 when he had to publicly leave an American Airlines jet because he refused to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate.
And heavier equipment such as laptops must continue to be stowed away, as there is a risk of injury if they fly through the cabin.
Mobile phone calls during the flight will also remain prohibited.
The regulatory competence for telephone calls lies with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), not with the FAA.
FAA may lift ban on certain electronic equipment during takeoff and landing
Last month Mark Rosenker of the National Transportation Safety Board, safety expert for national transportation issues, told CBS News that cell phones are still considered a risk.
"Cell phones are really a problem, not only because they could potentially interfere with navigation devices, but because we at the FCC know that airborne transmissions can also interfere with transmitter masts," Rosenker said.
An industry advisory committee set up by the FAA to investigate the issue recommended last month that the government allow wider use of personal electronic devices.
In recent years there has been increased pressure on the FAA to relax restrictions on use.
Critics like Missouri Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill argue that there are no valid security reasons for the ban.
The restrictions are also increasingly difficult to enforce because the use of the devices has become ubiquitous.
In some studies there is talk of up to a third of passengers forgetting or ignoring to switch off the device.
The FAA began restricting the use of electronic devices by air travelers in 1966 after reports of interference with navigation and communication equipment by VHF radios carried by passengers became known, which at the time represented the latest technology trend.
New aircraft are far more dependent on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft, but they are also designed and approved by the FAA to be free of electronic interference.
Airlines have been offering Wi-Fi to passengers for several years now, when the flight altitude is reached.
Aircraft adapted to Wi-Fi systems are also less sensitive to interference.
The vast majority of passenger planes should be suitable for the increased use of electronic devices under the new guidelines, Huerta said.
Today's electronic devices generally emit much less radio radiation than previous generations.
E-readers, for example, emit only minimal radiation when you turn the pages.
However, when downloading or sending data, the transmission values are stronger.
One of the advocates of easing restrictions on the use of devices by passengers is Amazon.com.
In 2011, company employees loaded a passenger plane full of Kindle e-readers and made a test flight to identify problems, but could not find any.
Members of the FAA Advisory Committee expressed mixed feelings about the risk involved in using equipment.
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said he believed the interference from the devices was genuine, even though the risk was minimal.
Other committee members said that there were only isolated reports of pilots arguing that the devices interfered with aircraft systems, and most of them were very old.
However, the committee recommended that the FAA should allow pilots to order passengers to switch off their equipment in the event of an instrument landing in poor visibility conditions.
A group from the travel industry welcomed the changes and described them as a reasonable adaptation for travellers who would be extensively equipped with technology today.
"We are pleased that the FAA recognizes that a pleasant passenger experience does not conflict with safety," said Roger Dow, CEO of the U.S. Travel Association.
Bird rescued by air rescue service from North Sea oil rig released
A bird, which had been found exhausted on a North Sea oil rig and flown to the coast by air rescue, was released back into the wild.
The Water Rail was flown by helicopter to Aberdeen last month, where it was brought up by the Scottish animal welfare organisation SPCA at their rescue centre in Alloa.
Colin Seddon, director of the centre, said: "This water rail was probably a winter migratory bird from northern Europe, which was stopped by the strong winds over the North Sea."
Apparently the exhausted bird sought refuge on the oil rig.
He added: "He could not continue to fly, so we were contacted with a request for help."
At her release the Water Rail was fit and healthy again.
Is Europe's elite ready to do business with Britain?
Business for Britain was launched in April with the aim of bringing business together to define what those who provide prosperity and jobs in Britain want to change about our relationship with the EU.
To this end, we commissioned the largest and most comprehensive survey of British business leaders and asked them what they think about Britain, the economy and the EU.
YouGov surveyed over 1,000 business leaders, roughly reflecting British business sizes, sectors and regions.
The results of the survey will surprise many.
We have found that the vast majority of companies are now exporting outside Europe, focusing on countries that are modernising and growing, while those in the EU are stagnating.
They want governments to favour new trade links with countries like China, India and Brazil rather than dwell on the long and arduous process of reforming the obscure EU institutions.
Asked for their views on specific statutory issues - from antitrust to product legislation - the majority of business leaders believe that control over these key competences should be brought back to Westminster.
There was general dissatisfaction with the single market, as companies said the cost of Brussels regulations now outweighs the benefits of being part of Europe's trading zone - even 40 per cent of large companies agreed, traditionally the most pro-European.
Finally, and probably most tellingly, our survey of business leaders revealed that a clear majority want Britain to move towards a change of course in the agreement and a relationship with the EU based on trade, not politics.
This realisation, which is found among companies of all sizes and leading corporations, shows that business is pushing for a "meaningful change" that will bring the book of action back to Britain.
There is a lot at stake - a change to the agreement and better conditions for Britain would lead to a change of opinion in favour of staying in the EU in a referendum at 16 per cent.
The Prime Minister should have no doubts: This survey shows that the British economy is behind his plan to renegotiate the British conditions for EU membership.
It also shows that companies expect a renegotiation to bring about a significant shift in the balance of power back to Britain.
A better deal for the British economy is possible and increasingly necessary as the Euro-Zone moves towards a closer economic and fiscal union.
The priority must be jobs and growth in the UK, as the results of our survey show, which for businesses means an increased focus on trade and a fundamental change in the Brussels approach to regulation.
Alexei Miller of Gazprom calls pipeline in Bulgaria the beginning of a new gas era
The start of construction of the South Stream Pipeline in Bulgaria represents the start of one of the largest European energy projects, the Gazprom Board of Directors explained.
"Today's event is a milestone: construction work has begun on the Bulgarian section of the South Stream gas pipeline, the largest and most important project in Europe," said Gazprom CEO Alexei Miller in a statement on Thursday.
The project is a key element in the energy security of the entire European continent.
South Stream is to provide more diversity in Russia's export routes through Europe.
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine, where most of the Russian gas for Europe is stored, is causing increased risk on conventional routes, according to official sources.
Miller said the direct link to Bulgaria, a member of the European Union, meant that the geopolitical risks associated with transit countries were eliminated "forever".
Bulgarian consumers will receive gas from South Stream at discounted rates when the entire project comes on stream in 2015.
According to Gazprom, construction work in other downstream countries on the planned route is to begin at the end of the year.
The pipeline is designed for an annual capacity of 62.3 billion cubic meters of natural gas.
For national and international investors, there is no way around the real estate location Germany.
The economic fundamentals are right and the financing possibilities are excellent.
This was the tenor of the Börsen-Zeitung's 9th Real Estate Day.
The German real estate markets are benefiting from the country's economic strength and the good economic conditions in the country compared with the rest of Europe.
This was pointed out by Christian Ulbrich, CEO Europe, Middle East and Africa at Jones Lang LaSalle, at the Börsen-Zeitung's 9th Real Estate Day.
A glance at the transaction volume shows how much German commercial real estate is sought after, said Ulbrich.
In the first three quarters of this year it increased by 31% compared to the same period last year.
In the UK, the increase was only 6%, in France 19%.
"Real estate investments offer an attractive return," said Ulbrich.
The yield gap between real estate and Bunds is at a historically high level.
The FAA is relaxing restrictions on the use of electronic devices in aircraft - even though mobile phone calls remain prohibited.
Fighter planes attack a depot of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia, it was officially announced.
This is apparently a continuation of the Israeli campaign to prevent the proliferation of weapons in the Middle East.
Federal Court of Appeals blocked a judge's decision that the NYPD's controversial tactics discriminate against minorities.
Almost 100 African immigrants who wanted to enter Algeria die of thirst after two trucks broke down in the middle of the Sahara.
Experts say that the violent crime in which 14 adults and seven children died is nothing but pure coincidence and not a sign of growing violence in America.
Instead of being unsettled by the insolvency of the US government, investors concentrated on what probably counts more: the Federal Reserve.
The Californian is planning to challenge what may be the first summons of its kind, arguing that glasses connected to the Internet make navigation easier.
Police say they are in possession of a video that allegedly shows Mayor Rob Ford smoking a crack pipe.
Even close allies keep secrets from each other - and try everything to find out what is being held back.
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parishes around the world deal with sensitive issues such as contraception, divorce and gay couples.
Hearing before the Royal Commission: Two YMCA employees accused of sexual offences against Jonathan Lord
Two YMCA staff from New South Wales (NSW) have been charged with child sex offences before charges were brought against Jonathan Lord, a childminder from Caringbah, in 2011, the Royal Commission on Child Sexual Abuse learned.
However, in its opening statement to the Commission, the YMCA stated that "the organisation has never been involved in any incidents of child sexual abuse".
Managing Director Phillip Hare was interviewed about a case in which a YMCA employee was charged with child pornography offences and another in which a gym teacher at the YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted in 1991 of abusing children entrusted to him.
Hare told Gail Furness, a lawyer assisting the Commission, that he knew about the first case but did not know about the second.
It acknowledged that the YMCA's opening statement to the Commission was also inaccurate in claiming that 'there have been external reviews of the YMCA which have recognised the YMCA as being at the forefront of child safety'.
Rather, evidence before the Commission shows that the YMCA was informed that it had received the second lowest score of four possible in a quality audit by the Department of Education and Communities in August of that year.
Hare, who joined the YMCA at the age of 21, admitted that management had failed "from my side down" in hiring Lord and had failed to ensure that employees were aware of their obligations to report child safety violations.
Lord had been convicted earlier this year of sexual assault on twelve boys during his two years of service with the YMCA.
He was sentenced to at least six years in prison.
Hare denied, however, that the YMCA had a cultural problem that prevented employees from reporting Lord's child safety violations.
Staff testified that they had observed violations, including Lord being alone with children, babysitting them privately, letting them sit on his lap, telling one that he loved it, and letting children play with his cell phone.
Danielle Ockwell, whose supervisor was Lord and who had asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behavior, testified that the children's service director, Jacqui Barnat, who was Lord's supervisor at the YMCA Caringbah, "was very intimidating and most of the time very aloof.
The manager stated that he would not accept statements from employees that they did not dare to report to their superiors.
Instead, he said, their friendship with Lord had rather affected their judgment, which is why they had not reported him.
Hare explained that he had shared with the board of directors of the YMCA NSW his view that the lesson to be learned by the organization from the "Jonathan Lord incident" was "not about reporting" by staff, and the board agreed with him.
Hare said the decision to urge employees to sign confidentiality agreements shortly after the allegations appeared was made by Liam Whitley, the director of the YMCA's Children's Services Department.
He said that this was to prevent contamination of the evidence, but that it was "overzealous" and poorly implemented.
The YMCA NSW was not a child-resistant organisation during the period that Jonathan Lord was employed there between 2009 and 2011, Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University, an expert on child sexual abuse, told the commission.
He explained that there had been "serious problems" in the recruitment, screening, induction, training and supervision of staff.
The hearing was adjourned until 20 December.
Tony Blair said he would take the opportunity to return as British Prime Minister - but admitted that a comeback was unlikely.
In an interview this evening on the occasion of the fifth anniversary of his retirement from office, the 59-year-old announced his views on various domestic political issues.
Since his resignation in June 2007 after a decade as head of state, Blair has largely avoided commenting on British policy and has mostly limited his comments to foreign policy and his role as envoy of the Quartet of Peacemakers in the Middle East.
When asked whether he would like to return to the post of Prime Minister, Blair was quoted by the Evening Standard in London as saying: "Yes, sure, but it's unlikely to happen, so ...".
When the equestrian show experts gathered in droves in Cardiff to choose the horse of the year, they were aware that a tough competition was imminent.
But nobody was prepared for the three year old Fenton Kirkland.
The nipper, who is not even in kindergarten and only took his first steps a few months ago, and his Shetland pony Toffee trotted loosely through the three rounds and took first prize - leaving 30 adult opponents behind.
The inseparable couple, both the same size, were praised for their appearance, behaviour and style at the annual competition organised by Sunnybank Equestrian Centre in Rudry near Cardiff.
When he was competing against men and women with elegant melons, he had put on his flat cap at a cheeky angle and led the two-year-old toffee through the ring.
Fenton was praised by the judges for his natural abilities in handling the pony, which were far beyond his age.
And Toffee received top marks for his appearance and personality.
Fenton had been given toffee as a present for his third birthday last March and has been practising with the Shetland pony every day since then.
His mother, Donna, 30, said, "Fenton and Taffy make a great team."
They had to compete against the entire field of participants and left the field with gold cup and rosette.
It was only the second time he had entered a competition with Toffee and we were all thrilled when he won.
Complete strangers in the arena thought he was so phenomenal that they wanted to be photographed with him.
The little boy from the village of Nantyglo near Ebbw Vale, South Wales, follows in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells, who has been showing horses for over ten years.
Howells said, "The whole audience was electrified, and everybody was cheering and clapping and clapping. "
He ran on sand the whole length of the arena and although he looked so tiny, he did a fantastic job.
Fenton is crazy about animals - he loves horses, tractors and farms and has two chickens to look after.
The way he started, it won't be long before he is at the "Horse of the Year" show - and I am sure he will do well.
A speaker at the annual horse show said, "Fenton's only three, but he knows how to handle his pony."
Together they are a great team.
The judges judged Fenton and Toffee on how well they had performed and presented themselves in the demonstration ring.
They pay attention to good cooperation between pony and leader - and there Fenton and Toffee were the best in the ring.
I'm sure Fenton's cute clothes did their part, it really fit the occasion perfectly.
Chinese newspaper to be "reformed" after appeal
A Chinese newspaper, which on its front page had demanded the release of a reporter accused of defamation, should be reformed, a press regulator said.
The Guangzhou-based New Express had printed a rare public appeal for the release of journalist Chen Yongzhou.
But Chen later admitted on television that he had accepted bribes to falsify reports about a partly state-owned company.
Now the New Express will undergo a "comprehensive rectification", the regulatory authority explained.
The "rectification order" was issued by the Guangdong Department of Press and Publications, Radio, Film and Television.
Preliminary investigations have revealed that the New Express, part of the Yangcheng Evening News Group, had published several inaccurate reports about the listed company Zoomlion between September 2012 and August 2013.
"The editorial management of Neuer Express was disorganized," the regulatory authority announced in a statement.
She said that it had been decided "to impose administrative punishment on Chen Yongzhou and withdraw his reporter's license.
In addition, "the Yangcheng Evening News Group was instructed to carry out a full rectification of the New Express and recommended that the relevant persons in charge of the New Express be identified and the management team of the New Express be immediately reviewed.
Chen had written several articles for the New Express in which he reported on alleged financial irregularities at a manufacturer of construction machinery called Zoomlion.
After he was arrested, the newspaper published two calls for his release on the front page and supported his journalistic work.
But then Chen appeared on state television and admitted that he had published false reports for a fee.
"In this case, I have damaged Zoomlion as well as the entire news industry and its ability to gain the public's trust," he told the state news channel CCTV.
I did it primarily because I was after money and fame.
I realized I was wrong.
Following Chen's apology, the New Express published an apology on the front page, stating that they had failed to check the reports properly.
Several known suspects have recently made confessions on television.
Experts say that confessions are still routinely coerced, despite a change in the law earlier this year that prohibited authorities from forcing someone to incriminate themselves.
Drug tunnel with its own railway between the USA and Mexico discovered
One of the most sophisticated tunnels for drug smuggling between the USA and Mexico, fully equipped with lighting, ventilation and electric railroad operation, has now been discovered.
The US authorities described the tunnel measuring 120 by 90 centimetres as one of the most sophisticated passages they had ever found.
The tunnel, which runs in a zigzag pattern over a length of almost six football fields, connects warehouses near Tijuana, Mexico, and San Diego, USA.
There are countless inconspicuous warehouses in the area, which makes it easier to hide trucks loaded with drugs.
The tunnel had been closed before drugs could be transported in it undetected, the authorities explained.
Eight and a half tons of marijuana and 148 kilograms of cocaine were seized when the tunnel was discovered, according to the court's records.
Three men, who according to the authorities worked as drivers, were charged with possession and intended sale of marijuana and cocaine.
If they are found guilty, they are threatened with prison sentences of between ten years and life.
In Nogales, Arizona, smugglers rely on an extensive underground network of drainage canals.
The tunnel is the eighth major passage discovered in San Diego since 2006.
Some of the largest tunnels were discovered after the marijuana harvest in central Mexico in October, posing a challenge to the drug cartels on how to get their product to the consumers quickly.
In 2010, authorities found a nearly 640-meter-long passage with rails that ran from a kitchen in an apartment building in Tijuana to two warehouses in San Diego.
Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr still love each other
Actor Orlando Bloom and model Miranda Kerr want to go their separate ways in the future.
However, in an interview Bloom said that he and Kerr still love each other.
Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom are parents of two-year-old Flynn.
Actor Orlando Bloom has commented on the separation from his wife, top model Miranda Kerr.
In an interview with US journalist Katie Couric, scheduled to air on Friday (local time), Bloom said that "sometimes life doesn't go exactly as we plan or hope it will.
Kerr and he himself still loved each other, the 36-year-old stressed.
"We will support and love each other as parents of Flynn."
Kerr and Bloom have been married since 2010 and their son Flynn was born in 2011.
According to encyclopedias, veganism is subordinated to vegetarianism, but differs from it in a very considerable way.
Because while vegetarians allow themselves the consumption of cream cake, ice cream or a hearty Edam, these gourmet treats are not on a vegan's menu.
Milk, cheese, egg, beside the renouncement of meat and fish the vegan abstains from all consumption of animal products - also honey is negated.
What remains, one may ask, but on closer inspection the vegan nutritional world is characterized by a considerable inventiveness.
"Spreads are very popular," explains Ute Henkelmann, the owner of the local health food store, which stocks a variety of special products for vegans.
Reuben Proctor also likes to visit the shop in Domgasse.
Since 13 years the native New Zealander lives vegan, in Lampertheim he finds (almost) everything he needs for life. "In 1997 I changed my diet and became a vegetarian".
At the turn of the century the next step was taken and I became a vegan.
"But the conviction came not only because of nutrition, but because of the choice of shoes," says Proctor, who prefers imitation leather to normal leather.
He realized that it is possible to do without animal products in other everyday matters as well.
First and foremost, being vegan is an ethic.
"I don't want animals to have to die for me," says Proctor, expressing the vegan maxim that applies to all consumer behavior.
Instead of mourning after burgers, scrambled eggs or jelly bears, the vegan quickly discovered completely new products and the enthusiasm grew.
"It's a double bonus," Proctor says today, "in fact, being vegan is not a renunciation, not asceticism, but an enrichment. Proctor attributes the assumption that a change in diet reduces the choice of food options to the power of habit.
And it was exactly this conditioning that caused many a well-meant attempt to fail.
"The addiction factor is a very decisive factor that makes many give up quickly, similar to smoking," Proctor makes a comparison.
And objects: "Certain tastes cannot be determined by the animal".
Often it is the spices or the way they are prepared that determine the taste.
"But you can also create the same effect in other ways," the vegan points out.
For example, Proctor brings aubergines, mushrooms and a few vegan sausages to a barbecue.
He pays attention to a balanced, varied diet, where it should also have a hearty taste.
Of course you want something between your teeth, that's legitimate.
"It should taste good, but this cannot be reduced to animal food alone," says Proctor.
He had not suffered any health problems, including eating disorders, another widespread assumption.
For me the changeover had a positive aspect.
I do not take in any foreign cholesterol and have an increased vitamin content.
There are high performance athletes who eat exclusively vegan food.
"My blood work's fine. I'm getting frequent checkups," Proctor says.
Many critics of vegansimus warn against vitamin B12 deficiency in particular.
"Since animals are fed on feed instead of grazing on pasture, it is questionable whether the vitamin B12 content of the meat you buy in the freezer is high," says Proctor.
Vegans can also take the coenzyme in the form of tablets.
"My B12 levels are fine," he explains.
Proctor did not have to go far to procure food.
After all, staple foods are everywhere and every supermarket now has soy milk and other products.
Everything I need I can find on the spot.
Just once in a while I buy something special.
"Many people overlook the fact that only the finished products are expensive, but as we all know, the same is true for "ordinary" finished products.
In any case, the preparation of vegan dishes is much cheaper and less time-consuming than generally assumed.
"There is a lot to discover in the home kitchen, with a few small tricks you can achieve good, if not partly better results," says Proctor.
Margarine instead of butter, a little more baking powder and carbon dioxide instead of egg, with his vegan cheesecakes Proctor was able to amaze even his in-laws.
Family celebrations gives the Veganer a new spice.
That has dynamics, when you cook together, it has a new significance.
"The situations that can arise are as different as the people themselves," says Proctor.
But of course he has also been met with scepticism.
Don't you like my food anymore?
"Am I supposed to feel bad about drinking milk now?" - with such questions one must act as Veganer with intuitive feeling.
"I do not reject people, I am part of this society," Proctor does not want to be an enclave.
And more exactly regarded the everyday life does not appear then at all so veganfremd as assumed - and the Veganer not so limited in the everyday life as generally accepted.
Fast food is also allowed.
You can get fries everywhere!
"Many kebab shops offer falafel, or even a vegetarian yufka," says Proctor.
In a pizzeria, he avoids pasta dishes or orders a pizza without cheese, all a question of habit.
The restaurants are slowly adjusting to it.
"When I started to eat vegan food 13 years ago, everything was much more difficult", the New Zealander can trace a development: "You have to talk to people, make them aware of it".
"If there is enough demand, they might be inclined to add to the menu," he hopes.
Vegan restaurants are developing, such as the galley in Mannheim or the Café Vogelfrei.
Proctor hopes that other restaurants will have at least one vegan dish on the menu.
Basically, vegan food is for everyone.
Anyone can eat them, so they are exactly the opposite of exclusive.
"Meat dishes, on the other hand, are exclusive, in the truest sense of the word, because they exclude others," Proctor notes.
"If you want to avoid food scandals, then veganism is a sure way to make the vast majority impossible from the outset," says Proctor.
The purchase of vegan products can be somewhat difficult at the beginning.
Especially when one learns to understand that peanuts can also contain animal additives as colouring agents, it seems that by following the ethics of so many hurdles and traps one quickly loses heart.
This is not the only reason why Reuben Proctor and Lars Thomsen have written a book: "Veganissimo - Animal Ingredients and their Alternatives" explains the many ingredients that are added to food and cleaning products.
"Little by little, you develop a scanner eye and know which signs and logos to look out for "Sometimes it's better to take small steps than to stop or stumble," Proctor knows.
Veganism, it is an important moral cue that strikes at consciousness.
He may not quite manage to get rid of his habits, but at least he can teach the consumer to critically question his habits.
The exchange operator Nasdaq OMX continues to keep its customers on tenterhooks.
Trading on the Nasdaq Options Market was suspended on Friday afternoon German time.
In a communication, the operator blamed technical problems.
The other eleven US options markets, including two of the Nasdaq OMX, continued their trading unimpeded.
The latest incident continues a series of minor and major breakdowns at the exchange operator.
Only on Tuesday the indices of the Nasdaq had not been calculated for one hour due to errors in data transport.
In August of this year there were two breakdowns in one week alone.
At first, the US investment bank Goldman Sachs had sent masses of erroneous buy orders to the options markets due to technical problems.
As a result, it took the exchange operators almost a full day to look through and cancel the orders.
Two days later, half of all stock trading in the USA came to a standstill for several hours due to a computer breakdown on the Nasdaq stock exchange.
The IPO of Facebook last year also caused a sensation.
The Nasdaq systems had not been able to cope with the flood of buy and sell orders, was later determined by the SEC and sentenced the company to a record $10 million fine.
Constance: Cyclist knocks down 63-year-old
According to the police, the accident occurred when a 26-year-old man was riding a ladies' bicycle on the left-hand sidewalk from the Bahnhofplatz in the direction of Marktstätte in an irregular manner on Thursday evening at about 10 pm.
When a 63-year-old man suddenly stepped onto the sidewalk from a pub, the cyclist was unable to brake in time, according to the police.
In the following collision, the pedestrian was pressed against the wall of the house, went down to the ground and suffered a 15 centimetre long laceration to his head.
An ambulance team brought the injured to the hospital for medical treatment.
British police issue an extradition notice to Assange
The British police today handed over an extradition notice to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has sought refuge and asylum in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London.
Scotland Yard stated that the 40-year-old Australian had been served a "summons to surrender", asking him to appear at a police station, and added that if he did not comply, he would be threatened with arrest.
Assange is threatened with extradition to Sweden on a sexual offence charge after his options under British law have been exhausted since the Supreme Court rejected his appeal against extradition earlier this month.
Fearing that Stockholm would extradite him to the USA, he had sought refuge in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London on 19 June and asked the South American country for political asylum.
Scotland Yard had "sent a 40-year-old man a request to turn himself in at a police station at a time of our choosing," a spokesman said.
He continues to violate the terms of his release on bail.
The Embassy made no comment on the delivery of the police summons.
Assange fears that he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States, where he will be charged with possible espionage after posting over 250,000 diplomatic messages on the investigative website WikiLeaks.
Driver who had raced at 210 km/h with hot drink between his legs will be fined £1,000
A motorist was fined £1,000 for driving at up to 210 km/h with a hot drink between his legs.
Andrew Howie, 35, from Tiptree, Essex, was stopped on 27 May with his Mercedes Benz on the A120 near Braintree.
After the police stopped him, they discovered the drink cup between his legs.
In the Colchester district court, Howie pleaded guilty to driving without the necessary care and attention.
He received seven points and a six-month driving ban.
Howie was also ordered to pay costs of £90 and a sacrifice allowance of £100.
Tax for foreign property owners against London's speculative bubble
The Treasury has provisionally calculated the CGT measure, but is still waiting for the final decision from Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne, who in the 2012 budget imposed a stamp duty of 7% on homes costing over £2 million, as well as annual fees for buyers who hold homes as a company rather than individuals.
Already, the revenue from stamp duty on residential property in the counties of Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, which amounted to £708 million in the 2012/13 tax year, exceeds the revenue for Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland, the North East, North West, Yorkshire and the Humber region combined.
Cook said: "After the increases in stamp duty on high-priced housing and the introduction of the related legislation against evasion, it is difficult to argue that high-value property is undertaxed, regardless of the impact of the outdated municipal tax system.
"But this move could make some foreign investors more reluctant to buy property in London, or discourage owners from selling," he added.
First-class real estate - the top five to ten percent of the housing market by price - in London's affluent southwest belt, which stretches from Fulham to Wimbledon, has risen by a record 11.8% last year.
Prices in Central London showed steady annual growth of 5.6%, but were overshadowed by an emerging "domestic market" where the south-west part of the city, the north (7.4%) and the east (6.5%) experienced an upward trend, according to a Savills study.
Scientists have been able to shed more light on how the tail wagging of a dog relates to its mood.
Earlier research had shown that happy dogs wagged their tails more to the right (from the dog's point of view), whereas in nervous dogs it was the left side.
But now scientists say that other dogs can perceive these subtle differences and react to them.
Professor Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientist from the University of Trento, said: "In humans it is well known that the left and right hemispheres of the brain respond differently to stimuli that evoke positive or negative emotions.
Here we have tried to look at this in other species.
He also noted that in dogs, just like in humans, the right hemisphere of the brain is responsible for the movement of the left side and vice versa, and that the two hemispheres play different roles in the emotions.
To learn more about how dogs react to the lateral tail wagging of their conspecifics, the researchers monitored the animals while watching these films of other dogs.
They measured the heart rate of the four-legged friends and analysed their behaviour.
Probably we will soon understand why the tail moves sometimes in one direction, sometimes in the other
Professor Vallortigara said: "We showed the dogs films with dogs - either a lifelike version or a silhouette to eliminate other distracting aspects, and we were able to control the movement of the tail more to the left or right".
When the animals saw an otherwise expressionless dog move its tail to the right (seen from the perspective of the wagging dog), they remained completely relaxed.
But if the tail was mainly tilted to the left (again from the perspective of the dog wagging), their heart rate increased and they looked restless.
According to Professor Vallortigara, the dogs do not intentionally communicate with each other through these movements.
Rather, he is convinced that the dogs would have learned from experience which movements to worry about and when not to worry.
He said: "If you have different encounters with other dogs and the wagging of the tail in one direction is more associated with friendly behaviour and the right side produces less friendly behaviour, then you react on the basis of these experiences.
The researchers say the findings could help dog owners, veterinarians and trainers to better understand the emotions of their pet.
John Bradshaw, expert on dog behaviour and visiting fellow at the Faculty of Veterinary Science, University of Bristol, explained that this was not the first study to examine whether left and right are important for dogs.
Last year, a team from the University of Lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog.
In another research paper at the University of Victoria in Canada, it was stated that "Dogs are more likely to approach a robot dog when its 'tail' is wagging on the left rather than on the right, rather than becoming restless - the exact opposite of the Italian study.
According to him, the differences could be due to the fact that the dogs in the various studies did not interpret the animals in the films or the robot dogs as dogs.
A study of how dogs react to real dogs could help, he explained.
"While there is considerable evidence in many different mammals that the two hemispheres of the brain are used for different purposes, many of the details have yet to be determined - and dogs are no exception," Bradshaw said.
But since their behaviour can be easily recorded, it will probably not be long before we understand why the tail sometimes moves in one direction and sometimes in the other.
Arctic Monkeys postpone appearance in Glasgow because of Alex Turner's illness
The rock band Arctic Monkeys has postponed an appearance in Glasgow after their lead singer has fallen ill with laryngitis.
The band from Sheffield should play at the Hydro on Friday.
Due to the illness of lead singer Alex Turner the concert has to be postponed.
The announcement came after the band had previously had to postpone a gig at the LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday.
In a statement on their official website, the Arctic Monkeys stated: "Following the decision to cancel the show at the LG Arena in Birmingham tonight, and following medical advice, the Arctic Monkeys must also cancel the show at the Hydro in Glasgow on Friday 1st November.
"Alex Turner has been diagnosed with laryngitis, so unfortunately he can't appear."
The show at the LG Arena in Birmingham will now take place on 20 November, the Hydro in Glasgow has been rescheduled to 21 November.
All tickets remain valid for these shows.
We apologize to all ticket holders for the inconvenience caused by this.
Please contact customer service at the sales outlets where you purchased your ticket if you need further assistance.
Pope Francis appoints first cardinals in February
Pope Francis will appoint new Cardinals of the Catholic Church for the first time on 22 February, the Vatican announced on Thursday.
Cardinals are the highest ranking clerics in the Catholic Church after the Pope, and it is they who elect a Pope, so Francis will thus appoint the first group of men who will eventually participate in the election of his successor.
There are currently 201 cardinals.
However, a Cardinal who has reached the age of 80 can no longer take part in the election of the Pope - this falls to a group of 120 "Cardinal electors".
In a statement announcing the news, Father Federico Lombardi, a spokesman for the Vatican, said that a meeting of all the Cardinals would take place before the ceremony for the appointment of the new Cardinals, also known as the Consistory.
"Pope Francis has decided to announce in advance his decision to convene the Consistory in February so that other meetings requiring the participation of Cardinals from all over the world can be planned," said Lombardi.
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices said that the number of Cardinals eligible to vote would probably have fallen by February.
He explained that a Pope normally appoints as many Cardinals as necessary, so that the number of Cardinals eligible to vote would again be 120, and as many Cardinals over 80 as he wishes.
The Consistory next year is important because it will be the first since the election of Francis in March this year, Valero said.
There is currently a certain overhang on the part of Europe and especially Italy.
"It will be interesting to see if the new pope will appoint cardinals from the rest of the world to restore the balance," he said.
Forty percent of Catholics live in South America, but they have only a tiny number of cardinals.
The Cardinals will also be the first to be called, since the formation of the Council of Cardinals founded by Francis, a group of eight Cardinals from around the world charged with finding ways to reform the Church.
In the past, the pope decided everything alone.
"Now Francis has chosen these eight cardinals to help him," said Valero.
He explained that it was "quite possible" that Francis would ask the Cardinals for advice.
But so far we have not been in this situation - this is all completely new.
Valero said that typically bishops from large cities are called to be cardinals, but Francis was "full of surprises - so we do not know who he appoints".
GM recalls new pickup trucks in the USA for seat back repair
General Motors is recalling nearly 19,000 of its brand new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup trucks to fix a problem with the manually adjustable seat back, according to a statement released Friday by the U.S. Vehicle Safety Regulatory Commission.
On some of the cars there may be a defect in the mechanism for resetting the front seat back.
For this reason, they do not comply with the federal guidelines for vehicle safety in headrests.
"If the vehicle is hit from behind, it is possible that the head restraint will not protect the occupants properly, increasing the risk of injury," the message said on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) website.
The recalled models were produced between 1 August and 10 September.
The delivery of GM trucks began in June and represents the most important model launch of the leading US car manufacturer since the insolvency-related restructuring in 2009.
GM informed vehicle owners about the defect in the first half of October.
The NHTSA was unable to review the notification letter because of the 16-day government shutdown, which had a negative impact on car sales in October.
Sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks, newly developed for the 2014 model year, rose by 20 percent in the first ten months of the year, GM said on Friday.
In October GM sold 42,660 Silverado and 16,503 Sierra pickup trucks.
GM shares rose 1.4 percent on the New York Stock Exchange to $37.47 on Friday afternoon.
Cry of despair from an Obama voter
I elected President Obama twice in the hope that change was possible
He says Obama has made laudable efforts that have been thwarted by the Republicans' blockade tactics
The blockade policy does not excuse the website problems of Obamacare, the drone attacks
Obama's memoirs about the 2008 election campaign are a sad reminder of what could have been possible
Nathaniel P. Morris is a second-year student at Harvard Medical School.
I'm currently reading a terribly sad book.
It is a book that I thought would cheer me up during the gloomy second year of my medical studies and give me hope again.
It is called "The Audacity to Win" and describes the memoirs of Barack Obama on the 2008 presidential election.
When I finish my patient transcripts in the evening and go to bed, the book takes me back to a time when politics inspired millions and took the breath away from talking.
The election turned into a landslide victory and newsreaders paused to remind us of the historical significance of this hour.
My classmates cried with joy and my parents collected all the newspapers they could find.
A young team of visionaries was on its way to the White House and the nation was ready for change.
When Obama took office in 2008, he had approval ratings of 82%.
And then I close the book.
Switching back to the present is a rude awakening, as if you are being ripped out of a dream.
It is difficult to remember these optimistic times - they seem to be a vague memory, a sad reminder of missed opportunities.
In the years since I first cast my vote, something has indeed changed.
But it's just not something I could have imagined.
I recognize the great and varied things that Obama has achieved, from the passage of the Affordable Care Act for health insurance to the military withdrawal from Iraq, the end of the forced concealment of homosexuality in the army and the killing of Osama bin Laden.
I, too, believe that party-political blockade tactics have overturned too many efforts to move our nation forward: immigration reform, a public option for health insurance, and the closure of Guantanamo Bay, to name a few.
But after defending the Obama administration countless times against colleagues and acquaintances, I have come to the end of my attempts at explanation.
I have reached a point of political despair.
The Republican blockade policy cannot explain why foreign heads of state are allowed to wiretap or the killing of innocent children by drones overseas.
It cannot explain why the National Security Agency collects data on the private lives of Americans and why whistleblowers who disclose government misconduct are punished.
It cannot explain why Anwar al-Awlaki, a US citizen, was assassinated without trial, nor why public funding and spending limits were circumvented during the presidential election.
It does not justify the findings of a report that says the White House's efforts to silence the media are the "most aggressive ... since the Nixon administration".
And most recently, it cannot excuse the inability to create a simple website in the more than three years since the adoption of the Affordable Care Act.
I don't know if this is what I should have expected.
Whether, at 18, I should have understood that the work of government could contradict the political campaigns that preceded it.
Obviously, the office of deputy is not a predictable course, as an opposition party and random events like the Newtown massacre shape the public discussion.
But when I look at the above examples, they seem to be largely elected by the government itself.
And that's what bothers me the most.
I voted for Obama again in 2012, not because I was excited about his candidacy.
Mitt Romney presented a confusing and half-baked alternative, he seemed unable to define his direction and positions.
I had the impression that a second term for Obama, free from the pressure of future elections, would fulfill the hope we had heard about for so long.
But with the approval ratings for Obama falling below 45% this week, this book has made the return to 2008 all the harder.
It awakens in me a longing for the many promises that have vanished into thin air.
This week I read a section in the book that describes how Obama suffered a heavy loss against Clinton in the Pennsylvania primaries.
In a meeting with the election workers after the decision, he told his staff that they had to get back on track and follow the purpose of their cause.
"I want us to find our magic again," he said.
We need to remember who we are.
It's five years later, Mr President, and I couldn't agree with you more.
The views expressed in this Commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Morris.
Clive Palmer claims Prime Minister Tony Abbott has conflict of interest on parental leave
Billionaire and MP Clive Palmer says that Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest in his parental leave plans because his daughters get pregnant and could benefit from it.
The mining magnate, who is in a legal dispute over the payment of $6 million in CO2 tax, made the claim when he tried to wipe questions off the table as to whether he was in conflict.
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate, which are important in deciding whether to cancel or cut CO2 and mining taxes.
But Palmer claimed that only ministers could have conflicts of interest and that Abbott's daughters would personally benefit from the laws.
"He has a major conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave, because if one of his daughters gets pregnant, he has a direct interest in whether she gets leave or not," Palmer said.
Two months after the election, the Electoral Commission officially declared Palmer the winner of Fairfax's Sunshine Coast seat by a 53 vote lead after the recount.
Palmer called for a revision of the vote-counting process to speed it up.
Tony Abbott's daughters Frances and Bridget.
Should these elections be decided two months after the end of voting?
"We need a better system," he said.
Why shouldn't we have a system where you walk in, enter the data into a computer, dial immediately and have the result at 6:30 in the evening?
Palmer also criticized the use of pencils to mark the ballots.
Do you use them because then you can erase the results if you don't like them?
To vote with pencils these days is unbelievable.
The Electoral Commission has examined the options for electronic voting and recently published a joint legislative proposal with New Zealand.
Palmer, 59, said his policy included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and that he would take his new position "very seriously".
A public office is about serving the public.
"We seek no reward other than that of history, namely that we can serve this community at a critical time," he said.
RBS suspends two currency traders
The Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two traders from its foreign exchange department, according to two people who are familiar with the situation; this is a further indication that the global regulatory investigation into the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gathering momentum.
Some of the world's largest banks, including UBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed that they are cooperating with the authorities in the investigation of the world's largest financial market, where $5.3 trillion changes hands daily.
The two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended in the expanding investigation that the Libor interbank scandal is causing.
The bank, which did not comment on the suspensions, confirmed this month that it had received requests for information from authorities.
"Our investigation on this issue continues and we are cooperating fully with the FCA and other regulators," the bank said two weeks ago.
Last month, people close to the situation stated that RBS had passed on to the UK regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, the records of emails and instant messages sent by and to a previous merchant.
This trader, Richard Usher, left RBS in 2010 and is reported to have been relieved of his current position as European Head of Forex Spot Trading at JPMorgan.
Rohan Ramchandani, head of European spot trading at Citi, was suspended this week and Matt Gardiner, formerly senior currency trader at Barclays and UBS, was suspended this week at Standard Chartered.
None of these dealers was accused of any misconduct.
Usher's instant message group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup, said people close to the situation.
UBS announced this week that it had taken steps against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator Finma announced that it was investigating suspected manipulation of the foreign exchange market at a number of Swiss banks.
At least six authorities worldwide - the European Commission, Finma, the Swiss Competition Commission, the FCA, the US Department of Justice and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are currently investigating allegations that bankers have colluded in currency market transactions.
HSBC, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also initiated internal investigations or received requests for information from authorities, said people familiar with the situation.
Banks scour instant messages and e-mails from several years in search of cases of misconduct.
The news of this research has sent traders into turmoil in an area that has been one of the most profitable of investment banks' trading units in recent years, but has been under pressure this year as low currency volatility limits the opportunities for speculators.
Some bankers have tried to play down the affair, saying that it is almost impossible to manipulate the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market, but leading traders believe that this is not necessarily true.
One leading trader noted that despite the enormous daily volume of foreign exchange trading, the fragmentation of liquidity between the various trading platforms and the increasing use of banks' own internal platforms means that "you can influence the market with very low ticket prices".
The news came out the same day that Credit Suisse announced that it had terminated a trader in its London Exchange Traded Funds office this week after he caused a loss of nearly six million dollars at the end of last year.
The Bank promptly informed the relevant authorities and cooperated with them.
"We are certain that the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained," Credit Suisse said.
The building fence on the Bechtle property painted
A group from the "Swiss Meadow" citizens' initiative has embellished the site fence on the Bechtle property on the spa promenade in Bad Herrenalb.
It also cleaned and widened the footpath, according to a press release.
The planned covering of the crumbling house in the rear part of the property had not been permitted for safety reasons, as the site was in danger of slipping.
Alfred Abel, who currently manages the property, had agreed the beautification project with his colleague Reinhard Domke from BI.
Before the BI campaign, a banner with the message "We are for it" had been put up.
However, this did not disturb the approximately 20 members of the citizens' initiative much in their actions.
Their motto on the big poster was "We are against building ruins".
With this she wanted to point out the danger of even bigger ruins on the Swiss meadow - should the giant project fail one day.
In conversation with many passers-by in front of the "construction site" it became clear that some citizens believe that many will be better off with the implementation of the city's project, although not a few have the same questions about the dimension of the presented project as BI.
But they are beginning to resign because the city is delaying these answers, BI says.
As could be heard, the public statements of the mayor also have an effect.
Mai had said in the local council meeting that he feared the thermal bath would be over if the population voted against the plans for a bath and wellness complex on the Swiss meadow in the referendum.
Some people seem downright frightened about it, others see it as a "clumsy attempt to blackmail" the population, the BI press release continues.
The BI thanked the donors for the paint and all helpers.
Rangnick scolding for referees: Mane no swallow king
As satisfied as Ralf Rangnick is with the current top form of Bundesliga table leader Red Bull Salzburg, the sports director of the "Bulls" was disappointed by the referees.
"There is currently a dangerous tendency for Mane and Alan to be pushed into the category of Swallow Kings," he defended the two offensive whirlers at a press conference in Salzburg on Thursday.
The latest cause for Rangnick's criticism was yellow for Mane in last Sunday's 3-0 win over Grödig, in which the Senegalese player was doomed by an alleged acting - which, as the TV pictures showed, was certainly not one.
"A blatantly bad decision," said Rangnick, who called referee Harkam "completely overwhelmed.
Harkam would also have played "his part" in the escalation between Salzburg coach Roger Schmidt and Grödig coach Adi Hütter after the game.
He firmly defended his German compatriot: "I would have behaved like Roger Schmidt in every single situation".
Schmidt himself claims to have had no contact with his colleague after the skirmish with Hütter.
I don't see why.
"For I am the one who has been insulted," emphasized the 46-year-old.
But in view of the success of the race, Rangnick began a hymn of praise.
"There are only two words for that: Really good," he stated.
There's not much to criticize.
Especially the way the team plays is impressive.
I'd like to keep it that way.
There will hardly be any changes in the squad during the winter transfer period.
There are no great reasons to change anything.
"Unless a player comes forward with the wish to leave the club," Rangnick clarified.
Supreme Court confirms Obama's health care bill
It is a great victory for the Obama administration: the US Supreme Court ruled today that the health care bill, which is closely linked to Barack Obama, is constitutional.
The judges ruled by five to four votes that the individual mandate of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act - which forces US citizens to take out health insurance or pay a fine until 2014 - is constitutional under the state's fiscal authority.
The Chief Justice John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the Chamber, while the Judges Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy decided against.
The court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2,700-page law, and held that the requirement in the Health Care Act that states must either expand Medicaid eligibility or otherwise eliminate all state Medicaid funding was not unconstitutionally restrictive.
The lawsuit against the law had been filed by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business.
The bill had been decisively rejected by all leading Republican presidential candidates, including eventual challenger Mitt Romney, in the 2012 pre-election campaign.
Norway: Norwegian place makes itself with giant mirrors light
With huge mirrors the inhabitants of a Norwegian village have brought light into their dark valley.
Because of the low sunshine, Rjukan, which is located in the Vestfjord valley, normally sinks in the shade of the surrounding mountains from autumn to spring.
With three gigantic reflectors at a height of 45 metres, a dream of the century came true on Wednesday.
"Finally!", enthused Mayor Steinar Bergsland at the launch ceremony on TV2.
Some of the inhabitants of the valley put on sun chairs, others put on sunglasses to be on the safe side.
Until now, sun-seekers had to take a cable car to a nearby summit in winter.
Ten years ago, local artist Martin Andersen presented a proposal to direct the rays into the valley with mirrors.
But this basic idea had already existed in the village since 1913.
After several years of debate, the city council had finally approved the project, which cost 5 million crowns (around 615,000 euros).
A similar construction has been providing winter sunshine to the Italian Alpine resort of Viganella for several years.
Post hardly empties on Sundays
"Many citizens will not have noticed it yet, the red dots for Sunday emptying are still on various mailboxes in the core city and the city districts, but if you read the small print on the yellow containers of the Post AG, you will quickly find out that emptying no longer takes place on Sundays and holidays," the FDP announced.
An inquiry by the FDP had confirmed this.
On Sundays and public holidays, only the post office building in Ernst-Ludwig-Straße 36 and in Jakob-Müller-Straße 1 in Hüttenfeld is emptied.
The answer to the FDP's question does not answer whether the containers in Hofheim and Rosengarten are still emptied on Sundays.
The social and youth policy spokesman of the FDP, Fritz Röhrenbeck, wants to dig into this matter.
Sunday emptying is an important postal service, especially for appointment mail.
"Despite the price increase for letters on January 2013, this company is radically and unreasonably thinning out this business.
Thomas Bittner, leader of the Liberal group and city association, supports his group colleague: "What annoys me is the fact that the emptying times are being secretly changed or even cancelled here.
The Post Office is miles away from being close to its citizens.
"At the very least, the mailboxes in the Neuschloß and Rosengarten districts must be emptied again on Sundays," Bittner and Röhrenbeck say in unison.
The same applies to the city centre; especially non-mobile citizens must be able to reach a letterbox with Sunday emptying within walking distance.
Röhrenbeck asked in the city parliament whether the city administration was planning to hold talks with the Post Office on this matter.
Mayor Erich Maier replied that the Post Office had not communicated with Lampertheim.
To his knowledge, however, there was also a Sunday emptying in Hofheim.
After all, your party has spoken out in favour of privatisation.
"Then decisions are made elsewhere," Maier said.
Frankfurt parking fees to rise sharply
Parking in Frankfurt could soon become considerably more expensive.
This morning, the city's magistrate is discussing a bill presented by Transport Director Stefan Majer (Greens).
According to the bill, parking fees are to be increased by 50 percent.
However, the aim is not to raise prices, but to reduce the time interval between parking meters and parking ticket machines from 30 to 20 minutes.
In December the city council still has to decide.
The retail trade committee of the Frankfurt Chamber of Commerce and Industry considers this "not a good idea".
The parking space directly in front of the shop is 'an advantage for smaller specialist dealers that should not be underestimated'.
The Verkehrsclub Deutschland is of the opinion that an increase after two decades is "quite appropriate and actually long overdue".
Public transport will also become more expensive.
Freudenstadt: Quick actions take hosts by surprise
With a narrow squad the gentlemen I of TSV Freudenstadt had to compete against TG Gönningen von der Schwäbischen Alb in the Schiller-Schulturnhalle in Reutlingen.
The Älbler stood on the other side of the net with an experienced team.
Soon it became apparent, however, that they could not quite keep up with the fast actions of the Freudenstadters, also due to their age.
With the hard and placed serves the Gönninger did themselves extremely difficult.
Repeatedly they missed the passes and attacks that Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz had neatly passed over the centre of the net and were not on hand for block defence.
Two high first set wins clearly expressed the superiority of the Freudenstadt players in all respects.
In view of this overwhelming and match-defining performance, the third set was then won somewhat laxly and listlessly to a 3-0 final score (25:13, 25:14, 25:22).
On November 2, TV Baiersbronn, who was able to clearly assert himself in Nagold, will be a much more powerful opponent on the field.
TSV Freudenstadt I: Dominik Bäuerle, Yannik Büchle, Sebastian Dölker, Felix Pälchen, Stefan Räller, Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz
In the B-class, the second teams from Baiersbronn and Freudenstadt faced each other in the Murgtalhalle in Baiersbronn.
They delivered a hard-fought two-hour match.
Nervousness on both sides caused mistakes and point gifts, especially when taking the ball; precision was also sometimes lacking when passing and in some critical game scenes overzealousness prevented the eye from seeing possible point wins.
In this performance-wise very balanced encounter, the TSV team of Marcus Blasutto, but throughout the great physical commitment and a pleasing commitment of both teams was right.
Nursing day at the small English hut
A group of committed participants met at the small English hut in Ibach for what is now the fifth care day in the succession of the Natura 2000 project Upper Hotzenwald.
Due to suggestions from the population, the view of the valley was to be cut open in the area of the hut on this day, said Mayor Helmut Kaiser.
According to Kaiser, many hikers described this area as the highlight of the Schluchtensteig, where the landscape offers the ideal setting for magnificent views.
He thanked those present for their willingness to cooperate and stressed that the Care Day was a suitable instrument for strengthening the connection between man and nature.
It offers every citizen the opportunity to set accents in nature itself.
At the same time as the tourism aspect, the ecological aspect could also be taken into account.
Friederike Tribukait from the Department of Nature Conservation of the Freiburg Regional Council explained this ecological aspect following the welcoming address by District Administrator Tilman Bollacher, who had assumed patronage and wished the campaign every success.
According to Tribukait, the tourist destination of the vision coincides with the aim of preserving the now heavily overgrown old Allmend pasture field with its specific protected habitat types by opening and connecting it to the still existing pastures.
Certain species such as rare butterflies and grasshoppers are unable to overcome barriers in the form of forest areas.
They need these free connections for the preservation of the species.
Tribukait said that she did not want to miss the opportunity to take up the cudgels for the planned biosphere area.
The current measure not only fits seamlessly into this planning.
A biosphere reserve also offers the opportunity for sustainable economic and ecological development on the basis of the internationally recognised Unesco status and thus a continuous addition to what has been achieved with the Life Project and the previous Care Days for the future.
After these various remarks, district manager Christoph Wehle and life project manager Cornelia Bischoff divided the helpers into groups.
The larger trees had already been felled beforehand and the forestry tractor was ready to be called upon if necessary.
A group of helpers should take care of clearing juniper bushes and maintaining a dry stone bar.
The aim was to have a clear view at the viewpoint.
Löffingen: Köpfler still the only candidate
Information on the Internet: Although the small town of Löffingen with its 7514 inhabitants, an intact infrastructure, a future-oriented school, children, youth and senior citizens policy, as well as its own public utilities can be described as an attractive town, no second candidate for mayor has yet been announced.
So far, the only candidate to succeed Norbert Brugger, who is no longer running for mayor due to age, is the 46-year-old banker and business economist Dieter Köpfler from Löffingen.
The deadline for applications is Monday 11 November at 18.00.
Google, Samsung, Huawei sued over Nortel patents
The group, which owns thousands of previous Nortel patents, launched an avalanche of patent infringement lawsuits against mobile phone manufacturers on Thursday, including Google, the company it outbid in Nortel's bankruptcy auction.
Rockstar, the consortium that bought the Nortel patents for $4.5 billion, sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for patent infringement in the US District Court in Texas.
Rockstar is jointly owned by Apple, Microsoft, BlackBerry, Ericsson and Sony.
Google is accused of patent infringement in seven cases.
The patents relate to technology that matches search terms on the Internet with relevant advertising, according to the lawsuit, which goes to the heart of Google's search engine business.
Representatives from Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rockstar were not directly available.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC make mobile phones that work with Google's Android operating system, which competes fiercely with the mobile products of Apple and Microsoft.
In 2011, Google made an initial bid of 900 million dollars for the Nortel patents.
Google increased its offer several times and most recently offered 4.4 billion US dollars.
After being outbid on Rockstar's Nortel patents, Google acquired Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion, a deal that was also partly motivated by Motorola's library of patents.
"Although Google failed in its attempt to acquire the patents at the auction, Google has infringed the patents and continues to do so," the complaint states.
Rockstar is demanding high damages from Google, claiming that Google's patent infringement was intentional, the accusation said.
Egypt first freely elected president sworn in
Mohammed Mursi takes the oath of office, but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark the end of political disputes in Egypt.
The Islamist Mohammed Mursi promised a "new Egypt" when he was sworn in as the first freely elected president of the country, succeeding Husni Mubarak, who had been expelled from office 16 months earlier.
His inauguration at the Supreme Constitutional Court also made Mursi the first freely elected Islamist president in the Arab world and Egypt's fifth head of state since the fall of the monarchy some 60 years ago.
He took the oath before the 18 judges dressed in black robes of the court, which has its seat on the Nile and is modelled on an ancient Egyptian temple.
"We are striving for a better future, a new Egypt and a second republic," said Mursi at the ceremony, which was broadcast live on state television.
"Today, the Egyptian people have laid the foundations for a new life - absolute freedom, true democracy and stability," said 60-year-old Mursi, a US-trained engineer and member of the Muslim Brotherhood, a fundamentalist group that since its inception 84 years ago had been targeted by the respective governments, mostly as a banned organization.
Hundreds of soldiers and policemen were guarding the building when Mursi arrived in a small car convoy shortly after eleven o'clock local time.
Only a few hundred supporters had gathered in front of the court to cheer on the new president, and unlike the presidential pageantry of the Mubarak era, traffic was stopped only briefly so that the car convoy could cross the usually busy road connecting the city centre with the southern suburbs.
Mocked as the uncharismatic "spare wheel" of the Brotherhood, his personal prestige has increased since his victory and a Friday speech in which he presented himself not only as the candidate of the Islamists but of all those who wanted to bring the aspirations of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian Mubarak to fruition.
"Egypt today is a civil, national, constitutional and modern state," Mursi, dressed in a blue suit and red tie, told the judges in the wood-panelled chamber where he took the oath of office.
Later Mursi went to Cairo University where he was to give his inaugural address.
He was officially greeted by an army band playing the national anthem, which he listened to in the watch position.
The military leader Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi was present.
Upon his arrival, he was greeted by hundreds of people in the largest lecture hall of the university with chants of "The army and the people are one hand".
The University of Cairo, built in 1908 as a bastion of secular education, developed into a stronghold of Islamist student groups in the 1970s.
Mursi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahir Square, the birthplace of the uprising that led to the end of Mubarak's authoritarian rule last year, and vowed to reclaim presidential powers that the military council had taken over from the outlawed head of state.
But by taking the official oath before the court and not, as usual, before parliament, he is bowing to the will of the military, which indicates that the power struggle will continue.
Mursi's speech in Tahir Square was full of dramatic populist gestures.
Falkenberger Discothek provides for two great evenings
The new season in the Falkenberg disco "Blue Velvet" has started.
This Friday evening it's "Pump this party", tomorrow Saturday evening the party continues with an Ü 25 party.
Fat beats and cool sounds are of course promised by the organizers on both days.
Worker fell from ladder: seriously injured
While replacing a defective outdoor sensor on Thursday, a 51-year-old worker in Eggelsberg fell off a ladder and injured himself seriously.
The man from Lamprechtshausen wanted to replace a defective heating sensor on the outside facade of an inn.
When he climbed the ladder leaning against the gutter, it slipped away and the man fell onto the concrete floor.
He suffered severe injuries and was brought to the Salzburg regional hospital by the rescue helicopter "Christophorus 6".
Rapist in South Africa: twice life imprisonment
Nine months after the brutal rape and mutilation of a 17-year-old girl in South Africa, the perpetrator was sentenced to two life sentences on Friday.
This was reported by the broadcaster SABC.
The victim had later died from the consequences of the severe injuries.
John Cana had already been found guilty of the crime at the beginning of the week.
The act had caused nationwide horror.
The then 21-year-old had raped Anene Booysen in February in an industrial estate in Bredasdorp near Cape Town.
For 14 hours the doctors fought for the survival of the victim, but in vain.
The sight of the young people was so horrible that the caretakers and sisters needed psychological help.
Kana had admitted during the trial that he had been in a bar with Booysen the night of the crime.
He also confessed to beating and raping her, but denied being responsible for the girl's death.
The police had initially assumed that there were several perpetrators, but released two suspects from custody because the evidence against them was insufficient.
Also the prosecution stressed during the trial that they were convinced that Kana was alone at the time of the attack.
Rape is almost a part of everyday life in South Africa: every year there are about 64,000 reports of sexual violence.
This is almost ten times as much as in Germany, which with 82 million people has significantly more inhabitants than South Africa (50 million).
However, the police and women's associations in South Africa estimate that the number of unreported cases of sexual violence is 10 to 25 times higher.
Jumbo visits the Black Forest Ham
Jumbo in search of the "best ham in the world": For the TV show "Galileo" the Pro7 star visited Bonndorf.
The speaker makes it clear right at the beginning: The most important thing for the ham are the pork legs, turbo fattening is not a good prerequisite.
So can ham, which you get in any supermarket, be a quality product?
Uli as head of the large ham factory in the Black Forest explains to Jumbo the working methods of the "Adler" company in Bonndorf.
"Germany's favorite ham," as Jumbo announces the Black Forest Ham.
Only with hair protection and a smock can he get inside the factory.
Jumbo also has to disinfect his hands before he can reach for the microphone.
Jumbo sighted for refreshment at fast food restaurant in Waldshut
"This is where I work with huge quantities", the TV makers are amazed, Black Forest Ham as a mass product.
16,000 clubs a week speaks for itself.
Weight, fat content, colour: Uli explains what is important for quality.
Most pigs are slaughtered at six months.
Television with class?
Details such as the pH value of the meat also play a role.
The darker the meat, the higher the pH value.
"I'm curious to see what happens when you measure Roberto Blanco," says Jumbo cynically.
Here the level of private television is presented in its purest form.
But it's still worth watching.
The viewer sees that the dismantling of the clubs is still manual work.
Because: Black Forest Ham is traditionally found boneless on the shelf.
The secret of the ham is the mixture of spices and salt.
Smoke tower and smoke firing system remind Jumbo optically of a "submarine".
The trick: fir branches in the smoke here provide the special taste of Black Forest Ham.
20 days in the smoke finally make the ham almost black.
"Now the disc disappears in the jumbo," he announces the test feed.
"It's really delicious," was the conclusion of the TV star.
All those involved will be able to live with this.
You thought travel agencies were a thing of the past thanks to the Internet?
Flight Centre seems to be bucking the trend.
The company has raised its profit outlook for the full year and expects record holidaymaker revenues in Australia and the UK.
The travel company now expects an adjusted annual profit before taxes of between $325 and $340 million, compared to $305 to $315 million in its previous forecast.
If the current targets are met, this will mean growth of 12 to 17 percent compared to the record profit of $290.4 million in 2011/12.
Managing Director Graham Turner announced that Flight Centre achieved an eight per cent profit in the first half of the year and had a strong start to the second half, particularly in the Australian and UK private business.
"Our ten countries have been profitable since the beginning of the year and some of them are well on the way to record annual revenues before interest and taxes," he said.
These include Australia and the UK, which are typically among our strongest earnings drivers.
In Australia, the leisure industry recovered in the second half of the year, which compensated for a slightly weaker market for business travel.
The leisure business of Flight Centre in the UK performed similarly well, while business customers also spent less.
The US business recovered from the seasonally weaker first half of the year, so that a profit for the full year is expected for the third year in succession.
Flight Centre shares rose 3 cents yesterday to $38.20.
Schools are encouraged to focus more on mathematics, spelling and grammar
In future, in courses on English literature, pupils will have to deal with at least one play by Shakespeare, a 19th century novel, romantic poetry and contemporary British novels from 1914 onwards.
The exam also includes "unseen texts" to encourage wider reading.
The combined course of English literature and language is abolished.
From 2015, students must take a separate GCSE exam for language, with strong incentives to choose English literature as a separate qualification.
Tomorrow the Ministry of Education will publish the new curricula for English and mathematics - the first subjects to be radically redesigned.
Other core subjects will be changed next year.
In a separate initiative, Ofqual, the Examinations Inspectorate, will announce a reorganisation of GCSE structures, including a new grading system and less coursework.
In a speech this summer, Education Minister Michael Gove said there was a "broad consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence", stressing that the GCSEs would become "more challenging, ambitious and rigorous".
Studies show that less time is spent on mathematics in English schools - 116 hours per year or three hours per week per school year - than in most other countries.
In contrast, Australian schools teach an average of 143 hours per year and students in Singapore receive 138 hours.
While there will be no formal requirement to include more time for maths in the curriculum, coalition sources say that the comprehensive maths exam - combined with a greater weighting of the subject in rankings - will probably encourage schools to add more lessons.
In the curriculum more attention is paid to "real life problems", including financial mathematics.
Beautiful animals and delicious cakes attract
The most beautiful rabbits of different breeds and colours will be presented at the Kreisverbandsleistungsschau this weekend in the Bürgerhaus.
The valuations were already made on Thursday
Once again the local association W514 organizes this big exhibition.
Breeders of the clubs existing in the district of Soest show their best animals here as well as young Wickede hobby owners show their rabbits.
On Thursday, six judges evaluated the numerous rabbits and were able to award outstanding animals.
The visitors of the show are well informed, because the evaluation of all animals is attached to the cages.
The official opening of the exhibition will be performed by Mayor Hermann Arndt on Saturday at 14.30 hrs.
The rabbit show is open to all visitors from 10 a.m. on Saturday and from 10 to 3.30 p.m. on Sunday, followed by the award ceremony.
The guests are also invited to a raffle with handsome prizes and to a deliciously stocked cafeteria.
Pamela Anderson separates herself from her legendary blonde curls and appears for the first time with a new boy head.
Pamela's blonde curls have been famous since her role in the TV series Baywatch.
Pamela Anderson is the latest star to shock her fans with a drastic new haircut.
The former Baywatch beauty has parted with her long blonde curls in favour of a platinum blonde short haircut.
The 46-year-old actress presented her latest look on Wednesday in Los Angeles and also posted a snapshot on her Twitter page.
It's the first time in 20 years that the blonde sex symbol has short hair, and we love the modest change.
What do you think of Pammy's hair?
Tell us your opinion in the comments below.
Salem: Johanna Rahner at the Ecumenical Discussion Forum
The next Ecumenical Discussion Forum on Monday 21 October in the New Museum of the Castle will focus on the theme "To Hell with Hell - Theological reflections on how to deal with the last things today".
The speaker is Professor Johanna Rahner.
The Ecumenical Discussion Forum is an initiative of the Catholic and Protestant parishes of Salem, Salem Castle and the Lake Constance District Cultural Office.
In the forum Johanna Rahner wants to pursue the question of how people today classify the "last things" after death.
If people in past centuries had known too much about this and had relied on those images of heaven and hell "that still shape our ideas today", contemporary prophetic teaching about the hopes for perfection would be characterized rather by a certain embarrassment or even speechlessness.
"The greater hope has been duly driven out of Christians by criticism of religion," says the speaker.
She had "provided us with so many question marks that we seem to have lost the exclamation points".
Johanna Rahner continues: "But the decisive challenge remains the annoyance of death".
Connected with this is the question of that longing "which dreams of everything being good in the end".
Johanna Rahner, born in Baden-Baden in 1962, studied Catholic theology and biology at the Albert-Ludwigs-University of Freiburg from 1982 to 1989.
She received her doctorate in 1997, also in Freiburg.
The habilitation for fundamental theology and ecumenical theology followed in 2003 at the Westphalian Wilhelms University.
Since 2010 Johanna Rahner has held a chair for systematic theology at the Institute for Catholic Theology at the University of Kassel.
Geislingen: More than 100 young Catholics from Kleiner Heuberg confirm their confession of faith at the confirmation
In two church services 101 15 and 16 year old young people from the pastoral care unit Am Kleinen Heuberg were confirmed.
The service was accompanied in the morning by the group Laudato-Si and in the afternoon by the youth choir The Spirit.
On receiving the Sacrament of Confirmation, the young people said yes to their baptism and asked for the power of the Holy Spirit.
The confirmands had prepared for the great feast day in the past months, under the direction of deacon Reiner Dehner and with the help of numerous parishioners.
In different projects they got to know different tasks of the Christian church life and experienced together the youth day in Untermachtal.
Illmensee: Second mountain bike race inspires participants
In beautiful weather 214 cyclists came to Illmensee to complete the circuit over the ridges around the lake.
Ulrich Knobel from the organizing sports club Illmensee has announced this.
Among the participants, especially on the short distance of 15 kilometres and 300 metres in altitude, were numerous cyclists for everyone who wanted to practice their hobby in a competitive atmosphere.
Two junior riders of the German top class were also at the start of this competition: Felix Bader from Bad Waldsee and Pascal Treubel from Aach-Linz came with the recommendation good placements at the German Championships.
As expected, these two were able to distance themselves from the field.
As in the previous year, Felix Bader was able to save a small time advantage until the finish and defended his title as overall winner of the short distance.
Pascal Treubel was again able to place himself in second place.
In the women's race it was Theresa Duelli from Team Nightmare who made it to the top of the podium.
Second and third place went to Anne Adel from Illmensee and Leonie Treiber from Owingen.
A positive development is the increasing number of drivers who live or work in the community.
Not only in terms of performance, the whole range of athletes was represented.
The age structure also ranged from ten years for the youngest to over 70 years for the oldest starters.
In the main race this year there were even more absolute top athletes at the start.
Four drivers were able to distance themselves from the regional top drivers.
Among them is Philipp Pangerl, a mountain bike semi-professional from the Black Tusk Racing Team.
Together with a team colleague, Pangerl was already twice world champion in twelve-hour driving.
This year he became European Champion in this special discipline.
Roland Ballerstedt, who already has two German duathlon championship titles to his name, will also be there.
After 45 kilometres and 900 metres in altitude, there was a blink of an eye at the finish line in front of the Drei-Seen-Halle.
Pangerl was the first to cross the finish line.
Only one second behind, the experienced Ballerstedt secured second place in the overall standings.
At the same time Hermann and Warthmann crossed the finish line as third in the overall standings.
In the women's race Christiane Cohsmann was the fastest in the main race.
Second place went to Areane Blersch from Binzwangen ahead of Natascha Werner from Stuttgart.
Athletes and helpers were very satisfied with the smooth and well-organized course of the event.
On the way through mud, rivers and jungle for free medical care
Dr. Georges Bwelle brings free medical aid to remote villages in Cameroon
Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend treating hundreds of patients
There are not many doctors in this West African country, only one for every 5,000 people
Vote here or with your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of the top 10 "CNN Heroes of 2013".
You can vote for him or one of the other heroes in the Top 10 to vote for him as "CNN Hero of the Year".
The winner will receive 250,000 dollars to continue his extraordinary work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched as his sick father repeatedly lost consciousness and traveled to hospitals that did not have the means to help him.
Jamef Bwelle was injured in 1981 in a car accident near Yaoundé, the capital of Cameroon.
At first, he only had a broken arm, but then an inflammation formed that spread to his brain and caused a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life.
"There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon," says Georges Bwelle.
We would have taken him out of Cameroon if we had the money.
Instead, Bwelle spent years accompanying his father to crowded clinics and hospitals to get the treatment they had to offer.
"It is not easy," comments Bwelle.
You can leave the house at five o'clock in the morning and run to the hospital to be first, and yet you are not first.
There are a lot of patients.
Some people even die because they have to wait.
The situation has hardly changed since Belle's father died in 2002.
According to the World Health Organization, there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people in Cameroon.
In contrast, the ratio in the United States is one doctor for 413 people.
But even if there were a doctor for them, most of the Cameroonians could not afford the visit.
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line and almost three-quarters of health care spending in the country is private.
"The only problem they have is poverty," says Bwelle.
And poverty makes it impossible to enjoy life.
Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer made Bwelle decide to do something about it.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers performed 700 free operations last year.
He became a doctor himself and works as a vascular surgeon at the Central Hospital in Yaoundé.
He also founded a non-profit organization called ASCOVIME, which travels to rural areas on weekends and provides free medical care.
Since 2008, he and his volunteer group have helped nearly 32,000 people.
Almost every Friday, he and up to 30 people squeeze into minibuses and drive with the tied up medical equipment on the roof over unpaved terrain to the villages in need of help.
Not everything always runs smoothly.
More than once they had to push the vehicles through rivers and mud.
But when they arrive, they are welcomed like heroes: a feast, singing and dancing and the best accommodation the place has to offer.
In these villages, free medical care is really a reason to celebrate and Bwelle - with his broad smile and boundless energy - likes to be part of the cheerful celebration.
The next morning, the team then begins examining hundreds of patients.
"We treat 500 people per trip," says Bwelle.
They come from within a radius of 60 kilometres around the village - and they do so on foot.
Each of these weekend clinics offers medical care in a number of areas.
Many people are treated for malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted diseases.
Others receive crutches, donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates - a document that is required for school, but which many poor families simply cannot afford.
In the evening, the team performs simple operations with local anesthesia.
The operations are usually performed in a school, town hall or an apartment; after the operation, patients get up and go to the recovery area to make room for the next person.
The lighting for the operating theatre and the disinfection equipment is powered by the group's generator and so Bwelle and his volunteers work until the early hours of Sunday morning.
It's an exhausting workload, but the village musicians usually help to keep the team motivated.
"They drum all night so that we can stay awake and continue our work," says Bwelle.
On Sunday, the team will return to the city, tired but proud of the work they have done.
The group - a mixture of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students - performed 700 free operations last year and knows that its work makes a huge difference to the people it helps.
One man explained that the free surgery for a hernia that he had received now enabled him to work again.
"This changes the future of my family," the man said.
In addition to weekend clinics and his work as a surgeon at the hospital, Bwelle also works at night in private clinics in Yaoundé.
With this second job, Bwelle said, he is financing 60 % of his charitable work; the rest comes from private donations.
"I really don't know when he's sleeping," says Katie O'Malley, a second-year medical student at Drexel University in Philadelphia and a volunteer in Belle's group.
He is always either in hospital or trying to raise money for the organization so that he can go on these campaigns.
For medical and nursing students like O'Malley, who come from the USA and Europe and support Bwelle, this is a chance to gain practical experience that they would never get at home.
"We can scrub in on surgeries where we help draw blood or hold the instruments for Dr. Belle," O'Malley explains.
That would never be possible in America as a second-year medical student.
The students usually pay for their trip to Cameroon themselves and often bring donated medical supplies with them.
But once they are in Yaoundé, Bwelle takes care of the accommodation, transport and instruction.
"He's a hero without a doubt," O'Malley says.
He dedicates his life to this organization and his desire to help the Cameroonian people knows no bounds.
For Bwelle, the almost constant work is not a burden.
Helping others to a happier life and thus fulfilling a promise he made to his father gives him great joy.
"I'm so happy when I do this work," says Bwelle.
And I think about my father.
I hope he sees what I'm doing.
I do it to make people laugh again and to ease the pain.
Visit the ASCOVIME website and find out how you can help.
Mastered the battle excellently
The role of Santiago, the old man in Hemingway's novella "The Old Man and the Sea", is tailor-made for Horst Janson.
Janson himself is an old hand in his profession, the art of acting.
No one can fool old Santiago when he's fishing.
So the two complement each other just great.
You almost think you can see the wrinkles on the old man's neck that Manolo, the fishing boy, talks about.
When Santiago sits on the chair, tired and bent over by life, Janson is real.
In addition, the role of the old fisherman is through and through a character role that Janson masters excellently.
Hemingway told the story of a fighter, a brave man who does not give up and finally wins the fight against the fish through his knowledge and also his willpower.
Janson is on stage for long stretches as a solo actor.
He manages to focus the audience's attention on himself, so that his monologues are never boring for a moment.
His efforts to finally pull the fish to the surface of the water are so real that the audience forgets that the sea consists only of blue illuminated water bottles.
Director Jens Hasselmann lets the old man act in the boat in front of the fishing village.
In the course of the performance he puts the active scene in the light: the hut of Santiago, the bar of the singer Marie-Luise Gunst, who sings about the Cuban way of life with her songs and her wonderful voice.
The four musicians play Cuba's rhythm to it and are also guests of the bar.
Tourism: Descent to the Romans
On a length of about 120 meters below Cologne, a sewer from the Roman era has been preserved.
Anyone who visits Cologne cannot get past the cathedral.
The two towers rise some 157 metres into the sky, making it the second highest church building in Europe.
But only a few visitors, who marvel at the two filigree church towers, suspect that there is also a lot to discover under the cathedral.
Rainer Schulze is an expert on the Cologne underworld.
The meeting point for his guided tours is the service centre of Cologne Tourism directly at the cathedral.
The tour begins quite unspectacularly: "We start in the underground car park," says Schulze.
In the seventies, the city fathers wanted a car-friendly city, and therefore only what was not too big remained of the remains of the old city wall.
Most users of the car park today therefore hurry past the Roman remains and only park their car.
But if you take a closer look, you will discover an archaeological site separated by metal bars on parking deck D2.
You can see ruins of palm-sized stones, about five meters high.
"They are remains of the Roman city wall, which was built in the second half of the first century AD," says Schulze.
Before returning to daylight, Schulze lets the participants on the upper parking level take a look into a dark, 15-metre deep shaft.
This is the fountain of the old cathedral, which unfortunately is hardly noticed.
The next station of the tour is the Praetorium, and here the participants descend again into the depths.
Here we experience the official residence of the once most powerful man north of the Alps, the praetor of the CCAA.
A visitor would like to know what CCAA means.
"The abbreviation stands for "Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium", which in good German means "city under Roman law and city of the Agrippineses, founded under Emperor Claudius at the place of the altar for the imperial cult".
And the Praetorium is the former governor's palace, the power centre of the Roman Empire on the Rhine.
From the anteroom of the exhibition a tunnel access leads to the Roman sewer, which is preserved here over a length of about 120 metres.
"You can walk along the so-called Cloaca Maxima if you like", Schulze cheered up the guests.
Schultz still has one surprise left.
After getting the key at the cash desk, he leads the group to a 16-meter deep, accessible shaft.
"We are now in the Mikvah, a ritual Jewish bath," he explains.
The Jewish community built their baths deep into the ground in order to get to the groundwater that was essential for the ritual ablutions.
To this day, different water levels can be read in the lower end of the mikvah, whose origins date back to the eighth century, due to changing levels of the Rhine.
The mikvah will become part of an archaeological zone in the town hall square, for which construction work is due to begin shortly.
However, it will still take several years until completion.
Leg almost chopped off: New edition of Rocker Process
A bloody attack in the rocker milieu is being rolled up again after over four years.
A trial for attempted manslaughter, dangerous bodily injury and damage to property against two 30-year-olds has begun at the Regional Court in Frankfurt (Oder).
It is accompanied by strict security measures.
The defendants were silent at the outset.
They are said to have been active in the rocker scene and to have belonged to the bandidos at that time.
The public prosecutor accuses them of having stabbed and beaten up three men in a car in Finowfurt in June 2009 together with unknown accomplices.
All victims were seriously injured, one man almost lost his leg.
The victims are said to have belonged to the competing group Hells Angels.
One is said to have been a high-ranking member from Berlin.
Apparently a chase with several cars had preceded it.
According to the prosecution, it was about turf wars and a show of force.
The two defendants had been acquitted in a first trial in early 2012.
A court spokesman said at the time that it could not be proven that the men had actually been involved in the bloody feud.
The perpetrators had worn masks and had not been recognized.
The Federal Supreme Court overturned the verdict after the public prosecutor's office had appealed and referred the case back to the Regional Court for retrial.
One of the defendants is currently in open execution for another crime.
At the beginning, the main focus was on the reconstruction of the events on the night of the crime.
The inspector investigating at the time was called as a witness.
The focus was on mobile phone conversations of the defendants and other persons whom the police had tapped.
What is difficult is that rockers almost always abide by a law that is ironclad for them in court - and do not testify.
This also applies to the victims.
In the first trial, only one of the victims had unpacked.
Public prosecutor Stefan Golfier of the public prosecutor's office in Frankfurt (Oder) said when asked that new leads had emerged since the last trial.
Eleven more trial days have been scheduled for the trial.
The throwaway society does not think
The night was long, the music was loud and the mood was good, but at some point we went home.
The only thing is that hunger is noticeable in the bellies of the people in the passenger and back seats.
Sure, one or the other cocktail or champagne may be responsible for this!
What could be more obvious than to drive to the next drive-in to treat yourself to a little something?
I admit, I like to be there when it comes to fetching fast food late at night or early in the morning.
A few fries, a coke, a burger - and then it's off home and to bed!
But on the way home, the obvious differences between me and other hungry disco goers become apparent.
After all, what must be missing that you throw your fast food bags out of the car window with constant regularity?
Especially at the weekends, discarded paper bags are lying at the side of the road and in parking lots.
"Why?" I ask myself.
Are the people too stupid to take the bags home or to the next trash can?
It's not just that the paper stuff spoils the landscape.
Bags have also covered up traffic facilities such as crash barriers and caused accidents.
But the "throwaway society" in question does not think about such things, probably it does not even know what this word actually means.
If you're out and about in the evening, especially with several people in the car, you know what a back seat can look like after a night of partying: Clothes, bottles and other rubbish are piling up there.
A few bags more or less wouldn't make any difference - in contrast to the street, where nobody wants to trample on the leftovers of others.
I can already see the day coming when the cities and communities will be too stupid to clear away - and the fast food chains will have to demand a deposit for their bags.
Obama's backpedaling on health policy
After heavy criticism, President Obama yesterday backed off on his often repeated, unequivocal promise: "If you like your health insurance, you can keep it.
After hundreds of thousands received a letter of resignation from their insurer, Republicans have accused the president in recent days of deceiving the American public.
Yesterday Obama relativized his original promise.
"The vast majority of citizens who have functioning health insurance can keep it," he said in a speech in Boston.
In response to the numerous media reports on the terminations, Obama called on those Americans who had received such announcements to look for new insurance on the free market.
Most citizens could thus obtain better, more comprehensive health insurance for the same price or less than forecast.
"You'll get a better offer," he said.
The government said it was not surprising that the five percent of the population who had taken out insurance themselves would have to look for a different tariff because their contract did not meet the new standards under the Affordable Care Act.
"I want to say to these Americans directly: they deserve better," Sebelius said at a hearing before the House of Representatives' Energy and Trade Committee in Washington.
Sebelius, who is responsible for the implementation of the Affordable Care Act, explained that the launch of the online platform has been "miserable" since October.
"I'm as frustrated and angry as anyone else," she said.
I'm determined to regain your trust.
This statement by an enraged Sebelius to an adviser sitting behind her at yesterday's hearing in the House of Representatives was taken up after a dispute with Republican Congressman Billy Long of Missouri. The issue was whether she should be obliged to participate in Obamacare.
After more than three hours of hearings, Long Sebelius repeatedly urged Sebelius to ask why the "architect" of the Affordable Care Act did not voluntarily give up government-sponsored insurance in order to take out a tariff herself with HealthCare.gov, which she now wants to sell to millions of Americans.
Government in Jerusalem does not confirm attack on Syrian air base
An American government official who wanted to remain anonymous claimed on Thursday to the American news channel CNN that Israeli fighter planes had attacked an air base in Latakia, Syria, the day before.
The target was "missiles and related equipment", which the Israeli government feared was intended for Lebanese Hezbollah, according to CNN.
Syrian and Lebanese media as well as the Arabic broadcaster Al-Arabiya had previously reported that the base in the port city of Latakia had been fired upon during the night from Wednesday to Thursday, and blamed the Israelis for this.
The Israeli television station Channel 2 showed satellite images of the base in Latakia, which showed Russian defence missiles of the type S-125 Neva as well as a battery of SA-3 missiles, which according to Channel 2 have a range of 35 kilometres and can carry warheads of up to 70 kilograms.
Uncertain The government in Jerusalem has not officially confirmed the attack.
However, the news agency Reuters quotes an equally anonymous Israeli government official as saying that he believes that Israel carried out the attack, but is not sure.
In any case, a spokesman for the Israeli Ministry of Defence said: "We do not comment on these reports".
The journalist Ron Ben-Yishai stressed in the daily Yedioth Ahronoth that the Syrian regime had already tried earlier, sometimes successfully, to deliver surface-to-air missiles to Hezbollah.
The Israeli government had repeatedly warned that any attempt by Syria to supply Hezbollah with chemical or other dangerous weapons meant crossing a "red line" that would be followed by a military response.
In an unprecedented admission, John Kerry declares that US espionage has "gone unreasonably far"
John Kerry, with an unexpected admission, hinted at a softening of the defensive stance of the US with regard to its surveillance programmes, saying that in certain cases espionage had gone "unreasonably far".
The Secretary of State also admitted that he and Barack Obama were jointly responsible for switching to "autopilot" when the explosive revelations by whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA's espionage activities became public.
The leaked information has plunged the US government into a diplomatic storm of indignation from its allies.
Speaking at the Open Governments Conference in London on a video link, Kerry said: "There is no question that the President and I and others in government have learned of some things that have gone virtually on autopilot simply because of the ability to do so, which goes back to the Second World War and the difficult years of the Cold War and, of course, to 9/11.
He then became the first high-ranking member of the US government to admit that US espionage had crossed a line, but also stressed that no rights had been abused.
He said, "In some cases, this has gone unreasonably far."
The President is determined to provide clarity and is therefore conducting a thorough investigation so that no one need feel that there is abuse going on.
I assure you that the rights of innocent people will not be affected in this trial.
Kerry insisted, however, that NSA was a force for good and that many lives had been saved through their surveillance operations.
He added: "We are dealing with a new world where people are ready to blow themselves up."
There is a radical extremism in the world that is bent on killing people, blowing up and attacking governments.
So what if you were able to intercept it and stop it before it happened?
We have indeed prevented airplane crashes, attacks on buildings and the murder of people because we learned of such plans in advance.
Meanwhile, US lawmakers will travel to Europe to dispel concerns about alleged American espionage and convince Europeans of the need to continue to cooperate with the US in the anti-terrorism effort, the chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on European Affairs said on Thursday.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he had spoken this week with representatives of the European Parliament and others and was concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti-terrorist organizations due to frustration over National Security Agency surveillance.
"It is very important for the national security interests of the United States that Europeans remain on board with our joint efforts against terrorism," Murphy, who is a Democrat sitting in the Senate for the first time and serves as Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Foreign Relations and European Affairs, said in an interview in Washington.
I am also going to Europe to make it clear that we must continue to work together in the fight against terrorism, despite their anger about NSA programmes.
Media reports that the NSA has collected millions of phone records in Europe have strained relations with some US allies, although the head of the secret service said this week the reports were inaccurate and based on a misunderstanding of metadata collected by NATO allies and exchanged with the United States.
Other revelations quoted documents passed on by Snowden according to which the NSA had monitored the mobile phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel and up to 34 other heads of state worldwide.
The head of the national intelligence services, James Clapper, defended spying on allies as necessary and stated that this was common practice on both sides.
In all the turmoil, Murphy said his agency was preparing for the trip of the Congress to be held this year and hoped the delegation would include members from both parties and chambers.
The names of the other participating MPs are to be published in the coming days.
He said the exact itinerary is still being worked out.
While Murphy emphasized that the purpose of the trip was to improve relations, he also spoke of the fact that there would be some "serious words".
He said that European governments must be honest with their people about the kind of spy programs they themselves have been using for years.
"While we can change our surveillance programmes to better protect the rights of Europeans, they must also accept the fact that we are not the only ones spying," Murphy said.
Meanwhile, John Kerry will travel to the Middle East and Poland this weekend to address the resentment about US strategy in Syria, Egypt and Iran and US surveillance activities.
A stubborn injury to his ankle threatens to prevent Nicolai Müller from playing in FSV Mainz 05's Bundesliga away game with FC Augsburg.
Mainz is hungry for an assignment from Nicolai Müller.
Tomorrow he will try to train with the team.
Until now, he could only do this individually.
"We will decide on his assignment at short notice," said coach Thomas Tuchel.
The 40-year-old hopes to have his top scorer with him, who scored six goals.
Because the Mainz team has already had to do without the injured top performers Niki Zimling, Julian Baumgartlinger and Niko Bungert.
Australian woman appeals against prison sentence in Thailand
A 21-year-old woman from Sydney, who was sentenced to 15 days in prison in Phuket for falsely claiming to have been raped by a taxi driver, has appealed the sentence and was released on bail.
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was first found guilty by a Phuket provincial court on 15 June of making a false statement after she told Thai police that a local taxi driver raped her in the early hours of Sunday 10 June while two other men were holding her.
Later, however, video camera footage showed that she had safely arrived at her hotel after being separated from her Australian boyfriend.
Phuket police interrogated Bamford for two days until she confessed to having made up the story.
She was in police custody on site until the court hearing.
Bamford was sentenced to 15 days in a low-security prison on the outskirts of Phuket, rather than in a prison for adult women.
She is the daughter of Peter Tunks, a former Australian Rubgy League player, who approached the Foreign Office in Canberra with a request for help for his daughter.
Tunks told the Sunday Telegraph in Sydney that the whole family was "extremely concerned" about his daughter's welfare and wanted her back in Australia.
"We are of course very worried, but we hope that she will be back home as soon as possible," Tunks said.
Bamford has appealed against the verdict and is at liberty on bail of 50,000 baht.
In Australian reports it was reported that in the meantime she is on holiday in the holiday resort Krabi in southern Thailand.
The court was told that Bamford was represented by a local lawyer in Phuket and warned that the appeal could also lead to a higher sentence of up to two years in an adult prison.
However, it is also possible that after the recent murder of travel agent Michelle Smith in Phuket, Thailand may be trying to improve its tarnished tourist image, and therefore be acquitted.
The Prime Ministers of India and Japan met in Tokyo.
India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi is meeting his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Tokyo to discuss economic and security relations during his first important foreign visit since his election victory in May.
Mr. Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic relations with the third largest economy in the world.
Plans for greater nuclear cooperation are high on the agenda.
According to reports, India is also hoping for a defence cooperation treaty between the two nations.
Karratha police arrest 20-year-old after high-speed motorcycle chase
A motorcycle was confiscated after the driver drove it at 125 km/h in a 70 km/h zone and through bush land to escape the police in Bilbara.
Traffic policemen in Karratha tried to stop a blue motorcycle this morning after watching it leave a gas station on Bathdate Road at 125 km/h.
The police report that the driver then ignored the stop signals and continued on Burgess Road before turning off into the bush, where the officers lost sight of it.
The motorcycle and a person matching the rider's description were later seen at a house on Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
The Karratha police accused a 20-year-old man of ignoring a stop signal and reckless driving.
He is due to appear before the Karratha District Court on 23 September.
The motorcycle was seized and confiscated for three months.
George Webster charged with hotel rape in Naim and Pitlochry
A man is on trial for raping women in two hotels.
George Webster, 28, the charges were read at a hearing by the Glasgow High Court.
He is accused of raping a woman at Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on 7 June 2013.
The charge is that Webster attacked her while she was "unconscious, asleep, and unable to signal consent."
Webster is also accused of raping a second woman at the Golf View Hotel in Naim in the Scottish Highlands on May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set the trial date for November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
A return to the very American ideal of labour rights as human rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have introduced a bill to establish union organizing as a civil right.
"As unions die, so do middle-class jobs," said Ellison, a Minnesota Democrat and vice chair of the Progressive Caucus in Congress.
I am therefore proud to present the Employee Empowerment Act together with the civil rights icon John Lewis.
This groundbreaking law gives workers the same legal opportunities for discrimination in union organising as other forms of discrimination - and thus stops anti-union forces.
Supplementing the national labour law to provide a means for workers exposed to discrimination to organise trade union representation, to seek justice in a civil court - and to obtain compensation or fines - is a useful and necessary initiative.
But it is certainly not a radical initiative - at least not by American standards.
In fact, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis and the other sponsors of their bill are proposing is to link back to a very American idea.
Despite the setbacks that unions have faced in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and other states across the country - Americans once encouraged countries around the world to recognize, extend and respect labor rights.
There was a time when millions of Americans still remember when this country mentioned democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right of association in the same breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas Mac Arthur and his staff encouraged the country to adopt a constitution to ensure that Hedki Tojo's militarized autocracy was replaced by democracy.
Fully aware that the workers and their trade unions had a role to play in creating a new Japan, they used language that explicitly recognized that "the rights of workers to unite and to bargain and act together are guaranteed.
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his staff urged the Germans to write a constitution that would ensure that Adolf Hitler's fascism was replaced by a strong democracy.
Recognizing that the workers would have to organize and make their voice heard in the new nation, the Germans inserted a clause that explicitly stated: "The right to form associations to secure and improve working and economic conditions is guaranteed to every individual and every profession or trade.
Agreements that restrict this right or aim to reduce it are null and void; measures aimed at reducing it are unlawful.
When former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, which drafted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, as adopted by the United Nations as a global treaty in 1948, Roosevelt and the other authors inserted a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form or join trade unions for the protection of his or her interests.
For generations Americans have accepted the basic premise that labor rights are human rights.
When this country advised other countries on how to form civil and democratic societies, Americans stated that the right to form a union - and to have that union participate in collective bargaining as an equal partner with companies and government agencies - must be protected.
After these rights came under fire in America, it is indeed very wise to recall the American ideal that the working population must have the right to unite and be heard in a free and open society.
As Pastor Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the labor movement did not limit the strength of the nation but increased it.
By raising the living standards of millions of people, labor has miraculously created a market for industry and raised the entire nation to unimaginable levels of production.
Those who attack the work forget these simple truths, but history preserves them.
History remembers, and so should we.
The formal recognition of labour rights as human rights - and the extension of the protection of civil rights as protection against discrimination in the creation of employee representation bodies - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis renew the ideals that made America great in the past and kept the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily halts law that could force all abortion clinics in Louisiana to close
A US federal judge on Sunday provisionally stopped the implementation of a law in Louisiana, which lawyers say would probably have led to the closure of all five abortion clinics in the state.
This measure, which was made law by Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal in June and is scheduled to take effect on Sept. 1, would force doctors who perform abortions to obtain a right to admit patients at a hospital within a 30-mile radius of their practice.
However, the judge's decision means that for the time being, doctors can continue to carry out abortions legally while applying for such a right.
"Plaintiffs may continue to operate within the law while seeking to obtain these rights," Federal Judge John deGravelles wrote in his ruling.
A hearing for the judge is scheduled within one month to give the law a more permanent decision.
Abortion advocates welcomed the decision, the latest in a series of judgments against similar measures, saying it would give doctors more time to obtain hospital admission rights.
"Today's decision means that women in Louisiana are evading a devious law that seeks to take away their health and rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chairwoman of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which sued on behalf of three of the state's five clinics to stop the law.
It was not immediately clear whether the judgement also extended to the doctors from the two clinics who had not joined the complaint and had also applied for referral rights.
Louisiana is one of 11 states that have enacted similar laws, with courts recently declaring such measures unconstitutional in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key sections of a Texas law that would have forced most of the remaining clinics in the state to close were stopped by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion advocates and the American College of Ostretricians and Gynecologists as well as the American Medical Association agree that referral rights of doctors require unnecessary restrictions.
Opponents of abortion argue that the measures serve to protect women's health, although some also welcomed the effects of closing clinics.
Only one doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has patient referral rights, the Center for Reproductive Rights reported.
If all other doctors in the state are forced to stop abortions, that doctor would stop performing the operation for fear for his safety, the group said.
In arguing against the ruling, representatives of the State of Louisiana said they would not punish doctors for performing abortions while their applications for patient referral rights were still pending.
Delayed diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment options lead to higher death rates from ovarian cancer in rural areas.
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have put a video tribute online for their mother, who died of ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women in rural areas of Australia have a higher risk of dying of ovarian cancer than women in cities.
Researchers analyzed the medical data of more than 1100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005 and found that only 25 percent were still alive five years after diagnosis.
Research director Susan Jordan of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute said that for those who lived in rural and remote areas of the state, the risk of mortality during the study was 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs could slow down lung and ovarian cancer
The researchers investigated the medical care of the women over seven years.
Dr. Jordan said that a woman's age at diagnosis, type of ovarian cancer, existing pre-existing conditions, and social and economic status also influenced the chances of survival.
The survival rate was lowest for older women and those whose cancer was more advanced at the time of diagnosis.
For those who lived in rural and remote areas of the state, the mortality risk during the study was 20 percent higher than for those in urban areas.
Although the study did not investigate why out-of-town women are more likely to die of ovarian cancer, Dr. Jordan suspects late diagnosis and lack of access to the best treatment centers as possible factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynecological oncologists, and they are usually found in larger cities," she said.
Despite the improvement of telemedicine services to counteract the distances, she suggested as a possible remedy the strengthening of the service of doctors flown in to enable specialists to provide care for women closer to home, as well as treatment programmes for people outside their region.
Dr. Jordan said the study showed poor long-term survival rates in women with ovarian cancer regardless of geographic status and underscored the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer Cancer funded study is published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2013, Elisha Neave, a young mother of 33 years from the Gold Coast learned that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres regret falling homeownership figures
The decline, coupled with an increased drop in the number of homeowners under 35, could result in garden centres losing tens of thousands of pounds a year as today's young consumers reach the "core age group for garden products", according to a study by HTA, as reported in the Financial Times.
The report states that tenants spend an average of 55 percent of the amount that people with their own homes spend on their gardens.
The increase in the number of people living in highly urbanised areas without gardens, the popular practice of asphalting front gardens for parking purposes and the decreasing size of gardens are other factors threatening the industry, which has an estimated £5 billion in annual sales.
In Greater London, where the proportion of homeowners has fallen from 61 to 43 per cent over a period of 6 years, the lowest spending on garden products per household is reported.
The HTA and the Royal Horticultural Society point out that living for rent or small gardens do not mean that people cannot grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief garden consultant for RHS, said: "Container gardening, for example, is very popular with tenants because they can take their plants with them when they move.
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the "golden age" of garden retailing due to increasing home ownership and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to the mid-1990s.
He also predicted an improved market situation for this year due to better weather after unfriendly weather conditions in March and April last year.
The protest movement in Pakistan led by opposition politician Imran Khan and cleric Tahirul Qadri continues.
In the capital Islamabad about 1000 demonstrators stormed the state television station PTV.
Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid said that soldiers could have pushed the protesters out of PTV buildings again, however.
The station ceased operation for about 40 minutes, but is now broadcasting again.
At the same time, some 3000 demonstrators tried to reach the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
About a kilometre away from there, equipped with sticks and stones, they clashed with security forces.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharif's resignation, but he refused.
Meanwhile, the country's army is urging for a political solution to the conflict "without wasting time and without using violence".
After a meeting at headquarters on Sunday evening, the military announced: "The army remains committed to its role of ensuring the security of the state".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has already staged several coups.
Opposition politician Imran Khan accuses Prime Minister Sharif of having cheated in the parliamentary elections last May.
The protests had escalated over the weekend after Khan and Qadri called on their followers to make their way to Sharif's residence.
Three people had been killed.
Turkey appoints US diplomat for espionage report
The Turkish Foreign Ministry has called in the country's longest-serving US diplomat for information on a report on American and British espionage in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said that the chief of staff of the US Embassy and Turkish officials had discussed the report on Monday.
The German magazine Der Spiegel as well as the online magazine The Intercept reported that the data provided by the former US analyst of the National Security Agency, Edward Snowden, show that Turkey was a major area of activity for the US and British secret services.
According to Turkish news agencies, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan downplayed the importance of the report and said that all major countries were spying on each other.
An earlier report that Germany's most important secret service also had Ankara in its sights caused a much more angry reaction from the Turkish government.
Warning strike: train drivers threaten commuters with consequences
The nationwide warning strike by train drivers on Monday evening could also affect passenger traffic in NRW.
The strike announced for 18:00 to 21:00 hours affects all transport companies nationwide, including long-distance, regional and suburban rail transport,
The main thrust of the warning strike is freight transport.
Photo: A. Burgi/Archive
said the district chairman of the Union of German Locomotive Drivers (GDL), Sven Schmitte, in Düsseldorf.
We expect considerable losses.
There are no regional priorities.
The main thrust of the token strike was freight transport.
Deutsche Bahn in NRW announced that it would do everything possible to minimise the impact.
However, the GDL did not say where it was going to strike, so it was difficult to foresee the consequences in concrete terms.
Police chief accused of corruption by Magaluf
On Friday, the prosecutors presented the office of the public prosecutor of Mallorca with evidence of extortion by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià.
The head of the Calvià police on the holiday island of Mallorca has been arrested in the notorious binge-drinking hot spot Magaluf after corruption charges from businessmen and bar owners.
Chief Inspector José Antonio Navarro was taken into custody by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of Magaluf's bars and nightclubs are located, following allegations of corruption against him.
According to the online newspaper Mallorca Diario, the prosecutors presented evidence of blackmail by police officers and employees of the city of Calvià to the office of Mallorca's public prosecutor for anti-corruption on Friday.
Two other local police officers were arrested by the Spanish Guardia Civil in connection with the corruption charges and are being questioned by a judge together with Navarro.
The Spanish national daily ABC reported that the disgruntled nightclub owners testified that the authorities' nepotism has had a serious impact on their business.
"It's not about making money anymore, it's about survival," one of the businessmen told the court.
Leave our livelihood out of it.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines this summer because of a viral YouTube video showing an 18-year-old British tourist performing fellatio on 24 men during a drinking spree.
Since then, the island authorities have tried to stop the disorderly behaviour of alcoholics in Magaluf by minimising the number of participants in the notorious alcohol-soaked pub crawls.
The Playhouse Club where the Fellato incident took place was forced to close for a year, while Playhouse and pub tour organizer Carnage are jointly fined €55,000 ($73,000).
The tourist resort of Magaluf, which is particularly popular with young British holidaymakers, is also known for a number of alcohol-related accidents, including the trend of "balconing", where people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony into the hotel pool.
The first day of spring with wet and stormy weather conditions affects flights from Adelaide Airport
SPRING brought a winter surprise to South Australia, with heavy showers and strong winds affecting flights from Adelaide Airport.
In the evening until 21 o'clock further 5mm rain fell on the city, after 6.6mm, which had already fallen in the night to Sunday.
The last precipitation was the result of a series of short, stormy showers, including a downpour that started just before 8 pm and caused almost 4mm of precipitation in about 10 minutes.
After the winter last week had provided an early dose of spring, temperatures in the city dropped back to a peak of only 15.8°C on Monday.
The gusty weather conditions probably led to the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was supposed to land shortly after 7:30 pm, but was hit by a shear wind - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and had to take off.
At that time, gusts of wind reached about 50 km/h on the ground at Adelaide Airport.
The flight data showed that the aircraft also had to take off on a second approach and finally touched down at about 20:40.
The flight delay subsequently caused delays to several other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Quantas flight from Sydney.
A maximum temperature of 16°C is predicted for Adelaide on Tuesday, with possible showers.
Matthies says: High time for great networking
In view of the galloping technical progress that threatens to transform our cosy home into high-tech control centres, our columnist Bernd Matthies takes comfort in the fact that he has a very familiar electronic accessory.
As I'm writing this, my eyes fall on the spiral cable connecting the handset to the phone, and I think: Wow, how retro is that?
But there is a thought behind it: If it wasn't for the cable, all the listeners would be flying around the house in no time at all, and that would be even more retro.
Anyway, on the disgusting (disgusting?
No, typo: electronic) sector the rule that the world's first of today is the electronic waste of tomorrow, bought - obsolete.
And anyone who still has a tube TV in their living room, for example, is simply saying that they reject television in principle.
Why these considerations?
Because the rush of the Ifa at the radio tower this week again shows us our absolute incompetence in questions of electronics.
The layman, who used to be a blind master of the washing machine and CD player, today doesn't even understand the purpose of the appliances that are spread out in front of him with incredibly vain expert talk: "Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies" is what the press office promises us.
Yeah, what's up?
What is there to talk about with people who apparently voluntarily spread such quark?
Basically, for the last 20 years or so, the main issue has been that we should network our house.
So that the yoghurt reorders itself, so that the fire detector on holiday in the Maldives tells us that there is a fire in the study.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if we could switch the air conditioning on from the office on our imminent arrival ...?
Yes, but this requires air conditioning.
But one dream will certainly come true soon: We lift our watch, tell her loudly "Suck!" - and at home the vacuum cleaner robot goes off.
Crazy.
Everything boils down to nothing less than a revolution: "The boundaries between white and brown goods are becoming blurred," whispers an industry expert, you can connect the washing machine to a headphone, the steamer sends the weather report and the data glasses show how long the pizza will take in the oven, but that doesn't help because we're stuck in traffic jams.
We also know from daily practice that if a new-fangled device is really urgently needed, the battery is guaranteed to be empty.
Which is another reason why the spiral cable on the phone will survive the next radio exhibitions.
Israeli children return to their schools after the war in Gaza
Thousands of Israeli children from the Gaza Strip area returned to schools on Monday after spending the summer in shelters as rocket and mortar fire fell on their communities during the 50-day war between Israel and Hamas and schools in Gaza remained closed as the area recovered from the fighting.
The school launch brought a sense of joy and expectation to the rocket-injected communities in southern Israel, but the signs of fighting are still fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, staff of the "Pashosh" kindergarten, which was hit by a rocket, removed shrapnel from the walls and sliding walls before the students arrived.
"We're a bit scared, but excited," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and English teacher there.
Many children from our area urgently need a return to a routine.
Their 11-year-old daughter Shani Bart said it felt "a little strange" to suddenly go back to school.
"Those were difficult times, and we didn't leave the house at all," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz near the border with Gaza to offer his support.
Until a ceasefire interrupted the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities such as Saad stayed in their homes or left their homes to move to safer areas further away from Gaza and escape rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a community near the Gaza border where a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell, are still hesitant to return.
The Ministry of Education announced that about a dozen families have not yet returned.
Their children were temporarily placed in other schools.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a town on the border with Gaza, which is severely affected by Palestinian bombardment.
He appealed to the children to learn a lot and said "we will make sure that you acquire knowledge and offer you security".
Israel and Hamas agreed last Tuesday on an indefinite ceasefire.
The ceasefire brought an immediate end to the fighting, but important problems remain unresolved, such as Hamas' demand for an end to the Israeli-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of Gaza's air and sea ports.
Israel demands the disarmament of Hamas and the handing over of the bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the fighting.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to start in Egypt later this month.
More than 2,100 Palestinians were killed in the war, three quarters of them civilians, and at least 494 children, according to Palestinian and UN estimates.
Israel denies this information and estimates that at least half of the killed were combatants, but did not provide concrete evidence of this information.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other fighters in Gaza fired 4,591 rockets and mortar shells at Israeli cities during the fighting, most of them in the south of the country.
Meanwhile, the Israeli military carried out more than 5,000 air and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in the Gaza area and about 250,000 people sought refuge in more than 100 UN schools, which were converted into temporary shelters.
While tens of thousands of people continue to live in the shelters and fighting continues, last week the education authorities postponed the start of the school year.
"I hope that the school will be open again soon so that we can continue to learn like the children of the world and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy who currently lives in a school in Gaza City.
After election in Saxony: CDU vice president Strobl questions NPD ban proceedings
In view of the loss of votes for the NPD in Saxony, CDU vice-president Thomas Strobl has called for an end to the current NPD ban proceedings before the Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU federal vice-president Thomas Strobl, the ongoing proceedings to ban the NPD at the Federal Constitutional Court should come to an end.
"The NPD is doing worse than last time", Strobl, who is also CDU state leader in Baden-Wuerttemberg, told the newspaper "Leipziger Volkszeitung".
This is a pleasing development in the right direction and a development that rather leads me to the conclusion that the NPD should be fought politically and not before the constitutional court.
The NPD had failed in the vote on Sunday, just barely reaching the five percent hurdle.
A first attempt to ban the right-wing extremist party failed in 2003, because the Office for the Protection of the Constitution had informants at that time, even at the top of the NPD.
In December 2013, after lengthy preparation, the Federal Council submitted a new proposal in Karlsruhe.
The Federal Government and the Bundestag did not join in.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
At Neuländer Platz refugees are now accommodated in tents.
The central initial reception centre for refugees in Harburg is bursting at the seams.
Now the interior authorities have had three Red Cross tents erected next to it.
The district politicians were only informed shortly before - they are not very enthusiastic.
"These 'hack actions' continue to stir up reservations among citizens and do not give district politicians the opportunity to constructively contribute to the humane accommodation of refugees," says Britta Herrmann, Green parliamentary party leader in the Harburg district assembly.
Her party demands that the district administration of Harburg make currently unused houses available for accommodation.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for overcrowding in the initial reception are the onslaught of people seeking help - and the fact that the authorities cannot provide enough places in subsequent facilities.
Many refugees therefore stay longer than the regular three months.
House prices have experienced the strongest winter rise in seven years, a widely observed index shows.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic Home Value Index for homes in the Australian capital rose 1.1 percent in August, according to Monday's RP data.
This increase brings the total increase in June, July and August to 4.2 percent, the largest increase in the winter months since 2007.
The annual price increase was 10.9 percent, more than twice as high as the increase in the 12 months to August 2013, but the increases were not evenly distributed across the country.
RP Data's head of research, Tim Lawless, said that Sydney and Melbourne are driving a two-tier market.
Figures from RP Data show that house prices in Sydney rose by 16.1 percent last year, compared to 11.7 percent in Melbourne.
The following markets are Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, where prices rose by an average of five and six percent.
At the other end of the scale is Canberra, which was hit hard by cuts in government spending and where prices rose by only 1.4 per cent over the year.
Mr Lawless went on to say that with the start of spring, there would now be a rise in available-for-sale properties for the next few months that would put the market "to a real test".
"Considering the continued high rate of auction prices, a generally rapid rate of sales and the persistently low interest rate environment, it is likely that home prices will continue to rise over the next three months," he said.
In a statement to the Neue Presse, he contradicts statements by the managing director Peer Medau and attests that he poses "like a commander".
This is not the style of the university, the communication says.
The Medau family, for example, had already been "verbally informed about the request for the university in mid-June.
The statement that the plans only became known in July is definitely wrong," said Pötzl.
At the same time, he points out that the plans are not "pre-determinations or even decisions", but that there are "preferences".
Also the extension of the narrow road up to the castle, which is necessary for the access, is less dramatic than feared by the Medaus.
There was and is no question of a nine meter wide road.
As things stand at the moment, it will be 5.50 metres, which is one metre wider than before," explains Pötzl.
Pötzl does not want to accept the argument of the Medau operators that their free and school-owned parking areas will only be used by students of the university in future.
There is no parking at all, because this can now be solved intelligently, as with other public parking areas.
Thinking of the local residents
The Bergwichtel day nursery, which is located on the premises and in front of whose front door would be the access road to the parking deck, should "not be affected" according to the university president.
Rather, he points out that "this is not only about the crèche, but also about the residents at the junction with Friedrich-Streib-Straße and the 800 pupils of the neighbouring Realschule.
It is therefore about much more than the particular interests of Mr Medau," said Pötzl.
Whether the criticism of the parents' council of the day nursery that the expansion of the road would result in the loss of "one of the few natural spots in Coburg" is justified, "can be decided by the reader himself".
At the beginning of October, Pötzl, together with the Bamberg State Building Authority, wants to inform the city councils about the structural development of the university until 2020 "and in this context address the importance of the new development".
Last week Peer Medau had informed the parents of the nursery about the plans of the university.
According to this, access to the new parking deck will not be via the campus and Friedrich-Streib-Strasse, as has been the case up to now, but via Medau-Berg.
The narrow road would then have to be widened to two lanes over a length of about one kilometre.
According to Medaus projections, traffic in the park of Hohenfels Castle would increase tenfold.
There is talk of about 2000 vehicles a day.
So far the city has not wanted to comment on the project.
Glandorf resigns from national handball team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the DHB team.
The 31-year-old from the Bundesliga SG Flensburg-Handewitt cited health problems as the main reason for this decision.
The decision was not easy for me, it has matured over several months.
It is time for me to listen to the signals of my body and end my career in the national team," the 2007 World Champion announced on his Facebook page.
He thus enters international retirement with a balance of 167 international matches and 576 goals for Germany.
Because the powerful backcourt player wants to continue scoring goals for the Champions League winner from Flensburg for a few more years, he is no longer available to the new national coach Dagur Sigurdsson.
Glandorf had a "long and good conversation with the Icelander, who will announce his squad for the international games against Switzerland on Tuesday.
His ideas and approaches have inspired me just as much as they will inspire my long-time players and my successors.
But for my club I would like to be available healthy in the next years, therefore longer regeneration breaks are necessary, which the current double burden does not allow.
The left-hander had even had to fear the end of his career in 2012 after a heel infection.
Because of Achilles tendon problems, he had been treated by team doctors of the German Handball Federation (DHB) with an injection of cortisone, which later caused a severe inflammation.
An emergency operation and two further interventions followed.
Then Glandorf had announced a lawsuit against the team doctor and the dispute ended with a settlement.
Twelve years of professional and eleven years of national team career have left their mark on every body.
I have some health issues that I can no longer ignore.
After the three foot operations due to infection, which took place at short intervals in 2012, I never really got a grip on my blood pressure.
There are also some other wear-related complaints.
Already at the beginning of the year I realized that I can control my head, but I can't fool my body", Glandorf explained in an interview with the magazine "Handball Time".
He would only be available for a comeback in an absolute emergency.
"If all else fails, I'm always ready to talk," the father of two told the magazine.
However, I can count the years in which I can still play handball on one hand.
I also have to say that after my long stay in hospital in 2012, I also became quite humble about my health.
After my career I would like to be able to walk straight at least to some extent.
In addition to the World Cup title in 2007 and winning the Champions League 2014, he won the EHF Cup in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo).
In 2012 he also secured the European Cup Winners' Cup with Flensburg.
German economy shrank by 0.2 percent in spring
The crises around the world slowed down the German economy in the second quarter.
From April to the end of June 2014, gross domestic product fell by 0.2 percent compared with the previous quarter.
This was announced by the Federal Statistical Office, thus confirming preliminary calculations.
Consumption alone stimulated the economy in the spring, while investments declined.
Foreign trade also slowed the economy.
Thanks to the strong start to the year, the GDP for the first half of the year is 0.8 per cent higher than in the second half of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the destination of the "Münsterland-Mooiste", which led through the Burgmannsstadt for the first time on Sunday.
On Sunday, the burgher town of Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "fiddlers".
The largest cycling federation in the Netherlands, NTFU, organised the so-called "Münsterlande-Mooiste".
This is the largest cycle tour across the Münsterland, the cyclists' paradise near the Netherlands.
More than 1000 participants thanked Jos ter Huerne with their registration for the organisation of this tour through the Münsterland.
This tour was advertised in various trade journals and offered to interested parties.
We come from Den Helder and drove overnight to participate in this tour.
We would like to get to know the Münsterland region better in this way," said the cyclists, who were delighted with the route through the districts of Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After the registration in the clubhouse of the Schützenbruderschaft Sta.
Katharina went on a small "peace trip" through the city over the rampart, where the start also took place.
The route, which was announced for three different categories, continued in the direction of Herrenholz via Schöppinger Berg in the direction of Coesfeld and via Havixbeck and Billerbeck back to Horstmar.
On routes of 95 kilometres with 1175 metres of altitude difference, 120 kilometres with 1475 metres of altitude difference and 145 kilometres with 1775 metres of altitude difference the cyclists proved their good condition.
They were fed on the way in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Main organizer Jos ter Huerne and Deputy Mayor Heinz Lölfing were very pleased about the success of this cycling event.
We are satisfied and it was a great experience for all involved.
The organisation went without any problems and there were no negative incidents", Heinz Lölfing draws a positive conclusion of this event.
Unfortunately not as many participants as the organizer had hoped for, which was probably due to the bad weather forecast and the rain in the morning.
"We'll see you again in 2015 with hopefully nice weather on August 30th or during another weekend", the cyclists promised to come back to the Münsterland anyway and the organizers are planning a new edition.
Konstantin Wecker's relentlessly honest memoirs
It is actually more a philosophical testimony than a biography, which Konstantin Wecker, singer-songwriter, pacifist, political activist, ex-prisoner, has put down on paper in "Mönch und Krieger" on 287 pages.
Not chronologically, but rather more fragments of thought for fragments of thought, the Munich-born on June 1, 1947, wrote down his memoirs, each chapter introduced by a suitable song text.
And he is ruthlessly honest: from masturbation as a high school student to shoplifting and drug use, he leaves no human weakness out.
Also to show how he himself learned tolerance in dealing with his fellow men.
Abstract, but all the more important, terms also occupy a large space: Love, soul, ego, being in the now, spirituality - he tries to get to the bottom of all this, in a very philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he also explains his pacifism, his social criticism, his political commitment - and also how he was influenced not only by music (the opera lover became a soul and rock musician), but also by his time in prison.
The latter also brought the bon vivant Konstantin Wecker closer to the ascetic monk, who is created "by subtraction", as he says, "by leaving out everything unnecessary".
But between all the highly intellectual views there are also short anecdotes about grounding: about brawls in a pub frequented by GIs, for example, or a mad car ride in which he aimed at a tree head-on.
There too he is ruthlessly honest.
Lenny Henry: My father never took me in his arms.
Never said "I love you."
Henry was one of seven children of a family of Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry is rehearsing for a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is partly based on an imaginary conversation with his father and originated from the series on Radio 4.
The soundtrack is a mixture of reggae and rap, with lively melodies.
But Henry had to work his way through some difficult childhood moments.
He attended "many" therapies after his mother's death, and Henry is pensive about his relationship with his father.
It was hard to know him.
You never saw his face, only heard his voice: "Stop the noise.
Leave your sister alone.
Move it!
I want to watch cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were grown up when I was a child - would go to the pub with him and talk about things like the shape of a beer glass or the beauty of a cricket match.
I never had a conversation like this with him.
For most of my life, he was this serious guy in the corner reading the paper.
Henry recently opened a foundry in Dudley and, although conditions are better than when his father was alive, he gained some insight into what life might have been like for him.
It's a little lighter now, but they are dark, smoky, deep stygian labyrinths with flames and smoke and lots of soot.
My father used to just lie down in the bathtub and then you could slowly hear him start singing because he could wash the foundry off him.
As I walked around there, I realized that he had been doing this for years to put food on the table, and my respect for him grew.
Nevertheless, Henry grew up as a child without any expressions of love from his parents.
My father never hugged me, he never said "I love you".
It was only when my mother was feeling bad towards the end of her life that we began to say, "I love you, I love you, I love you".
Through his own daughter Billie, with Dawn French, he was able to share the love he had missed as a child.
Would you stop with the "I love you"?
Stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
with Dawn French.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She's a great mother.
It is still friends with French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn is a good person.
Why shouldn't we be friends?
She's a great mother.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
That contributed to her death.
So when I became very, very overweight and showed symptoms of diabetes, my doctor said "You have to be radical.
So I did this fitness thing and also had to go on a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And it's exhausting.
Nobody likes to eat carrots.
Henry's career change is perhaps reflected in his elegant, short beard.
Since he was praised by the critics for his Othello, he has been appropriated by the theatre.
It was followed by The Comedy of Errors, and then Fences by August Wilson.
This is a different experience than the sitcoms and comedies that filled his busy working life.
He started when he was only 16 years old, working in a factory.
A DJ discovered him on stage imitating people and wrote to New Faces about him.
His television career began in the mid-seventies. "I was the only black impersonator/comedian on TV for quite some time."
He learned his trade.
Not only did I have to grow up in front of the public, but from 1975 to 1985 I had to learn how to become an efficient joke-telling machine while being a star through television, and that was really difficult.
Lenny 1975 at New Faces
Since his manager owned the stage rights to the Black and White Minstrel Show, a light entertainment program in which people "painted themselves black", Henry performed his comedy there for over five years.
It was very unpleasant for my family.
I kind of wish it never happened, but I don't regret that I did.
It was a strange, uncomfortable position for me, but I worked on huge projects and learned how to deal with a large audience.
But this "longstanding award-winning light pillar of British television" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
By introducing characters who both mocked and celebrated British black culture, Henry worked on an alternative comedy circle in the eighties.
The first series of the Lenny Henry Show went on the air in 1984, and in the nineties he was known as chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Chef!
Commercials, documentaries, TV series and film roles shaped his next decade, but after his BBC series LennyHenry.tv 2008 he thought: "What are you going to do next, Len, because it all feels like you're just passing time or treading water a little bit.
After that came a documentary series for Radio 4 called What's So Great About ...?
The first episode was about Shakespeare.
I was really allergic to Shakespeare.
I had never really learned anything about him in school and thought he was mostly a middle class domain, white people in tights and a cabbage in the front.
So I was very afraid of it.
Everyone we interviewed for the show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench said "You should try it.
Don't make it bad if you don't know what you're talking about.
Put a few words in your mouth and you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry performed 20 lines from Othello's last speech for the documentary and he was thrilled.
I felt like I could do it.
It was almost as if someone had finally put my head on straight.
"That's the point, it's a serious thing, take it seriously, learn your lines, do some research.
The rehearsals were brutal, and I read this piece for months before we did it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to be expecting a car accident, and that just didn't happen.
And soon he appeared in the Comedy of Errors.
Suddenly I was at the National Theatre and I could hardly believe it.
There was a moment when I thought, "Oh, you've changed."
There was a technical error and Henry instinctively felt that he had to entertain the audience.
"A little voice told me "You'll have to bridge 10 minutes while they fix the computer."
Instead, the stage manager announced that the performance would continue as soon as the problem was solved.
I walked off the stage and something in me said "Oh, thank God".
I'm not responsible.
I can leave this to someone else.
"You're in a play, so stay in character."
Henry in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
Learning the text for Fences was demanding.
Panic is very good, it strengthens the tendons.
That was also well received, so it's like a big sign from the gods telling me, "This here is your destiny."
He says this, of course, in a thunderous voice.
So I stand by it.
I really love that.
I love being in a rehearsal room.
But Henry still has the head of a comedian - our conversation is pervaded by humorous outbursts as he keeps imitating people.
I decided not to do stand-up comedy because I think that this kind of instant gratification from a hall full of strangers is somehow dangerous.
If you keep looking for it, you'll drive it into a wall.
I sometimes perform live at the Apollo when I feel like it, but overall it doesn't give me as much as it used to.
I ask him if he will ever do another stand-up comedy tour.
The fun I have in a room with a director who helps to form a beginning, a middle and the end of a journey - I don't think I ever want to give that up again.
So this is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like being an actor.
It's fun.
You always tell a story, and that's great.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Huthi rebels block roads in Yemen's capital
In the conflict between Shiite Huthi rebels and the Yemeni government, the Huthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital Sanaa.
Huthi supporters occupied central streets in Sanaa on Monday, a spokesman for the Huthi party "Ansar Allah" said.
The access to the parliament had also been blocked.
Yemeni media report about a traffic chaos in the capital.
According to the online edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post", Huthi leader Abdulmalik al-Huthi had called for the measures on Sunday evening.
According to the newspaper, Huthi threatened a further escalation of the conflict if his demands were not met.
The Shiite Huthis are fighting for more independence from Sunni-ruled Yemen and demand the resignation of the government.
The Huthi tribe has been besieging the Yemeni capital for almost two weeks.
Some 30,000 rebels have set up protest camps along the major access roads of Sanaa.
In the surrounding area, bloody fights with the Yemeni army occur again and again.
Kenya registers officials to curb "ghost workers
Kenya has started to biometrically register all state officials in order to delete "ghost employees" from the government payroll.
Employees who do not register in the next two weeks will not be paid any more, according to a government announcement.
The government suspects that thousands of people will continue to receive salary payments after they leave the civil service.
When President Uhuru Kenyatta took office in 2013, he promised to fight corruption in the civil service.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1 million (£700,000) per month was being lost in payments to "ghost employees" and other abusive financial practices.
The government suspects that salaries will continue to be paid into accounts after a person has died or left the civil service, reports Wanyama Chebusiri for the BBC from the capital Nairobi.
All officials must now appear at identification centers over the next two weeks to ensure that their data is recorded on biometric registrations, was announced in a government memo.
All those who would not do so without a credible excuse would be taken off the payroll, the statement continued.
"This approach will contribute significantly to the rationalisation of the civil service by determining the actual number of civil servants and also by adjusting the payroll at both levels of government - thus eliminating 'ghost workers'," said Anne Waiguru, Cabinet Secretary in the Ministry of Decentralisation and Planning.
The scandal surrounding the art consultant Helge Achenbach will be heard in court for the first time on November 11.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, son of Aldi founder Theo Albrecht, are demanding 19.4 million euros in damages from Achenbach and two of its companies in insolvency proceedings in a civil case at the Düsseldorf Regional Court.
This was announced by a court spokeswoman on Monday.
The application states that Achenbach had cheated in the purchase of works of art and classic cars and that Berthold Albrecht had charged higher purchase prices than those actually paid.
As a result, the agreed commission was also higher.
Achenbach had purchased valuables for Albrecht for 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
He was in the teaching profession for 44 years, 23 of them as headmaster.
From this time Manfred Richter knows many experienced Petershausener and Kollbacher from their time as students.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but always carried by his striving to see the human being in the student.
The Schneekoppe is the most famous mountain of the Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves the painting with the motif from his home country.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/North Bohemia, today Trutnov.
At the age of 14, after four years of secondary school, he became interested in the teaching profession.
One year later the Sudeten Germans were expropriated.
Within half an hour the family had to leave their house.
After a few months in a camp, they went to Bavaria in 1946 - in a freight car.
So Richter ended up in Senkendorf in Upper Franconia.
The teacher training took place in Bamberg.
For this Manfred Richter had to walk six times a week ten kilometres to the next railway station, take the train to Bamberg, walk three kilometres across the whole city to school and back in the evening.
After two months, Manfred Richter was given a sleeping opportunity in a Red Cross home in Bamberg: together with up to 15 fellow students in a dormitory.
In 1951 he passed the first state examination and in 1954, after three years of teacher training, the second state examination.
Since Upper Franconia did not have a free teacher's position for him, he applied to Upper Bavaria and came to the school in Kollbach on 1 November 1954.
The "Fräulein-Zimmer" was his first "official residence" in the school building.
In 1958 he moved into a three-room official residence in the newly built teachers' house next to the school.
Manfred Richter bought this house in 1980 after the school in Kollbach was closed in 1968.
Until then there were three classes in Kollbach in the Petershausen-Kollbach school association and five in Petershausen.
From the 1968/69 school year onwards, these were combined in Petershausen in the present town hall.
When the school association Indersdorf was founded, only the primary school remained in the village.
In order to avoid downgrading in the now smaller school, the then headmaster Georg Sigl moved to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
But Petershausen grew, and from September 1982 the children and their teachers were able to move into the present building, which was extended in 1997 after Richter's retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated generosity of the then Mayor Ludwig Götz, who had a workshop and, when the extension was built in 1997, cellar rooms built at the community's expense, although this was not eligible under the guidelines for school buildings.
"Mayor Goetz was very school-friendly," Richter recalled gratefully.
In his whole career Manfred Richter has never forgotten the speech of a government representative who had responded to a school council's lecture on law and justice: "One must never forget love". Manfred Richter put into practice what he had heard there as a young teacher.
"You have to give the children two things: Roots and wings," says the now 84-year-old.
And he had to learn: "It doesn't always work out". It is not quite clear whether he means just his pupils or just as much his own six children.
In any case, Richter's actions were sometimes unconventional.
When students fought, he did not give them punishment, nor did he sentence them to detention.
At the community's expense Richter had two pairs of boxing gloves purchased and let the two opponents compete against each other, even if there should be a violet.
For the good of the school, Richter, as headmaster, maintained a good relationship with the then mayor Ludwig Götz (CSU).
After his retirement, the non-partisan judge was persuaded by the latter to be the last on the CSU list to run for municipal council in 1996.
But Richter was preselected to sixth place and joined the CSU.
180 kilometers in three days
HR4-RADTOUR 700 cyclists make stopovers in the spa gardens of Bad Salzhausen and Schotten
When cyclists stop off in Bad Salzhausen or Schotten on their tour, it is nothing special in itself.
On Friday, however, the number of people taking a break was impressive: The 700 participants of the hr4 bike tour and their accompanying horse enjoyed a break in the lower Kurpark of Bad Salzhausen and later an open-air party in the Schottener Alteburgpark.
Under the motto "Cycling and partying on newly discovered paths between Nidda and Kinzig", the participants had met in Bad Vilbel on Thursday and witnessed a concert by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday things got serious: The cyclists tackled the first stage, the 60 kilometres via Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and on to Schotten.
In Bad Salzhausen, the athletes were welcomed by Mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who had taken part in the race in Bad Vilbel by bicycle, and the head of the Bad Salzhausen Own Plant, Petra Schwing-Döring.
All kinds of good things had been prepared to refresh body and soul: The countrywomen from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 trays of apple, plum, crumble and cheesecake, which were delicious for the capable cyclists.
"Only countrywomen can bake such cakes," praised a participant from Aulendiebach as he ordered another piece.
Cold refreshments could be purchased at the drinks stand of the Geiß-Nidda gymnastics club.
The "Duo Bravo" entertained the visitors with well-known melodies from operettas and musicals and received enthusiastic applause.
The beautiful ambience of the park had a relaxing effect.
One gentleman also enjoyed a head massage from his partner: "He deserved it, after all, he has already reattached bicycle chains that have come off today".
Meanwhile the mayor and the plant manager still had to work: They were interviewed at the fountain in front of the Trinkkurhaus by reporter Rainer Janke and took the opportunity to advertise Bad Salzhausen on the radio.
Promotion head Tobias Hagen, who has been the tour leader since the first hr4 bike tour in 2004, could only take a short breather, as he had a lot to do with the technology on site.
His pickup truck, in which he used three telephones and a radio to communicate with his employees and the 15-man motorcycle squadron of the Hesse police force, wrote Facebook entries and made reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of the participants come from the Rhine-Main area," he said, "but cyclists have also come from Gießen or Fulda, from Lauterbach or the Taunus, and even from numerous cities in Westphalia.
The number of participants depends a little bit on the available accommodation capacities.
In category I the participants will be accommodated in hotels, in category II in collective accommodations.
The cyclists had a good impression of the health resort when they set off again after an hour and a half: "Bye!"
"It was nice in Bad Salzhausen!" they waved goodbye.
After arrival in Schotten the group was allowed to take a short break.
But in the evening the cyclists were challenged in the idyllic Alteburgpark.
Under the direction of the Schottener Gesellschaft für Tourismus und Stadtmarketing (GTS), the park had been given a nice festive atmosphere and of course, delicacies such as tarte flambée with well-chilled Federweisser had been prepared.
Mayor Susanne Schaab, GTS Managing Director Markus Hoßfeld and MSC Chairman Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs in his function as a member of the board of the ADAC Hessen-Thüringen welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly pleased about the "many operations in Schotten".
DJ Tobias Hagen then released the dance stage.
The opportunity to move swinging in the open air was eagerly taken despite the sporting activity on the bicycle.
The guests were increasingly joined by citizens who were just as impressed by the good atmosphere as the large crowd of cyclists.
On the second day, the cyclists had the stops in Birstein, Wächtersbach and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwalders - on the programme.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of cycling, the athletes arrived back in Bad Vilbel.
Dozens of Turkish police officers arrested for "conspiracy" against the government
A total of 33 police officers were arrested in Turkey on suspicion of "conspiracy against the government", local media agencies report.
The police authorities made no direct comment.
Among those arrested are 14 high-ranking police officers, reports Hürriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in corruption investigations against government employees, including four government ministers last December.
In July, a number of Turkish police officers were arrested for allegedly setting up an organised criminal group and tapping telephone numbers.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was then Prime Minister) described their actions as part of the activities led by the Islamist cleric Fethulla Güllen against him and others in positions of power.
Not all children in Ukraine return to school
Schools almost everywhere in Ukraine opened on Monday (September 1) after the summer holidays.
This day is traditionally an important day for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arsenij Yatsenyuk brought his daughter to school.
There he told waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened, but that he was determined to defend the country for future generations:
The September celebrations were not held in every school.
The sky is not peaceful everywhere over Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful heaven.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge common Ukrainian popular front must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhow, headmaster of the school in Slavyansk, which Yatsenyuk's daughter attends, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace is finally restored here and that the children receive an education that will be useful to them in their future lives.
The first school day of the new school year is traditionally celebrated, with the children wearing embroidered shirts, holding balloons in their hands and giving flowers to their teachers.
In Rona Fairhead, the BBC may have found the great director it needs.
She arrives with a proud train of fame from the banking world, media management and the inner circle of the Tory party.
And she has her own frontline experience.
She began her career at the global management consulting firm Bain and Co., before joining Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media world of Pearsons.
She was Chairman of the Financial Times for seven years and resigned when the top post at parent company Pearsons went to a younger male colleague.
Her severance pay was reportedly nearly £1 million.
Their political ranking is also solid.
She was recommended to David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former chairman of BP, when he was looking for more private sector expertise in Whitehall: she became an advisor to the Cabinet.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
Already in May I described the task of the chairman with a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC at the heart of public life as a huge and complex entity, but there is also an internal paradox in its structure.
The trust works in two directions: inwardly on the first guard of its own management hierarchy in the BBC, but also outwardly as a voice of public concern and concern when things go wrong.
This creates an almost untenable duopoly that calls for a complete and comprehensive reform.
But what new arriving chairman would risk running, hitting everything and dismantling an institution as complex as a Chinese dynasty, while perhaps losing his own job in the process?
It's a difficult task.
And as if that wasn't enough, many are also interested in seeing the BBC downsized - power, money and status obsolete.
As competition approaches and new technologies threaten old, convenient securities, the upcoming royalty negotiations pose particular risks for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145.50 per year, the British public is buying into what is certainly the largest media company in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it says it reaches 96 per cent of all households and costs only 40 pence a day for each of them.
And it seems that the BBC is rising again on the popularity scale: 53 percent support it today, compared to 31 percent 10 years ago.
The viewing and usage habits for the BBC have changed: I get news headlines on my mobile phone these days and see missed programs later on my iPlayer.
But it remains a very beloved and remarkable institution.
She needs a considerable chairman - I hope she has found him.
Perry from Texas says that disparaging tweet was not authorized
A tweet from the official user account of the Republican Governor of Texas, Rick Perry, on Sunday contained a disparaging remark about the Democratic District Attorney who is at the center of a criminal charge against him for abuse of authority.
The tweet was later deleted and replaced by another one from Perry's account, which denied the previous one.
A tweet has just been sent from my account that was not authorized by me.
"I do not approve of the tweet and have deleted it," the later message said.
Perry employees did not respond promptly to requests for comments.
Although the tweets were sent from Perry's official user account, it was not clear who was actually running the feed.
In the earlier tweet, an unfavourable picture was drawn of Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, who was convicted of drunk driving in April 2013.
Perry vetoed financial support for her office when she refused to resign, leading to an indictment of Perry - who could possibly be a 2016 presidential candidate - before a grand jury this month in Austin.
The text of the tweet reads: "I do not always drive drunk with three times the permitted alcohol level ... but if I do, I'll sue Governor Perry if he spills it."
I am the drunkenest Democrat in Texas.
Lehmberg's office was not in charge of the grand jury investigation of Perry.
This was led by Michael McCrum, a special prosecutor from San Antonio, who was selected by a Republican judge.
Perry pleaded not guilty and called the prosecution a political ploy.
His top-tier team of legal counsel filed a motion with the judge in charge of the case to dismiss the charges, arguing that the law against the longest-serving governor in the history of the State of Texas is unconstitutionally vague.
Perry stopped $7.5 million of state funding to the state's Public Integrity Unit - which is based in Travis County and investigates state corruption in Texas - when Lehmberg refused to resign.
This veto led to a public complaint from a left-wing watchdog group.
Perry's official user account is updated frequently - and sometimes famous.
After finishing fifth at the Iowa election rallies during his 2012 presidential campaign, Perry responded to speculation that he would quit by posting a tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake, saying "South Carolina, here we come!
Berkeley declares housing market "normal" again
One of London's most prominent property developers pointed out that the housing market in the South East of England had "returned" to normal levels.
Home ownership in the capital was in high demand and subject to huge price rises, which led the Bank of England to set mortgage lending limits in June due to widespread fears of a credit bubble.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of the board of the top-tier construction company, Berkeley, said on Monday: "Since the beginning of the current financial year, the market has returned to normal transaction levels since the peak in 2013" and added that this provides a "stable environment for action".
The London property market was well positioned during the downturn as foreign buyers pushed into the capital.
According to information from the land registry, prices in the city area rose sharply by 18.5 percent last year alone, far more than the average increase in England and Wales as a whole.
Average retail prices at Berkeley's private, low-cost and student offerings rose by about one-fifth last year and were around £423,000 at the end of April.
However, a stronger pound has made property ownership in London less attractive to foreign buyers in recent months - some have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric about a possible "villa tax" ahead of next May's general election.
London real estate broker Foxtons warned last week that the April mortgage market report, which presented tighter lending rules, would also lead to lower market growth in the second half of the year in both property sales and prices.
New data from the Bank of England on Monday shows a drop in mortgage approvals in July, which also suggests that the housing market is cooling.
Hamptions International, another real estate agency, revised its forecast for London's property price rise in 2015 downwards to 3 per cent, based on already weakening house price awareness.
The volume of transactions in London's most expensive areas such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington has now fallen by a quarter every year, according to broker WA Ellis.
Nevertheless, the desire to own a home in the capital is a blessing for Berkeley, as the amounts due on forward sales amount to more than £2.2 billion.
Mr Pidgley added: "Demand for the right, well-planned product in the best locations remained stable and as a result, forward sales have also remained stable.
In June, the company reported that it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the 2007 peak before the crisis.
Annual pre-tax profit rose by 40 per cent to £280m and turnover by 18 per cent to £1.6bn.
In a memo on Monday before the company's annual meeting, Mr. Pidgley said that Berkeley's revenues for the current year are expected to be in line with current market expectations.
The analysts unanimously estimate the annual pre-tax profit at £ 450 million.
Berkeley shares were trading steady at £23.96 in London this afternoon.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence published on the Internet by hackers
Jennifer Lawrence appearance at the 85th Academy Awards.
Nude photos of Academy Award winner Jennifer Lawrence were published online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of pictures of another 100 starlets.
A representative of the star from "The Tributes of Panem" confirmed that the photos of Lawrence were genuine and accused the hacker of "blatant violation of privacy".
The authorities have been notified and will pursue all those who continue to post the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which were originally posted on the photo sharing site 4chan, were allegedly obtained through a gap in Apple's online storage system iCloud. The alleged "master list" of hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, BuzzFeed reported.
It's not sure how many of the pictures are real, although Winstead, star of "Scott Pilgrim vs.
"To those of you who are looking at photos that my husband and I took years ago in the private surroundings of our home - I hope you are really pleased with yourselves," Winstead wrote on Twitter.
However, Victoria Justice from the Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious" denied that the photos were pictures of her and tweeted "These so-called nude pictures of me are FALSE, people.
Let's fight the early days. *pun intended*.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesperson for pop star Ariana Grande denied the authenticity of the alleged photos of her.
Exclusive excerpt from Howard Jacobson's highly acclaimed new novel about love and the letter "J".
They melted, that's the best way to describe it, they slowly dissolved like a cardboard box that you left standing in the rain.
Occasionally, a woman told him that he was too serious, exhausting, intense, distant and perhaps a bit scratchy.
And then shook his hand.
Prickly he knew.
He was prickly, like a hedgehog, yes.
The final victim of this prickiness was a just beginning affair, which had been more promising for alleviating the lonely boredom of his life than usual, and might even have brought him some satisfaction.
Ailinn Solomons was a quivering, delicate beauty with untamed hair and a fluttering heart from a village in the North Island that was even more remote and harsh than Port Reuben.
She had come south with an elderly companion who Kevern thought was her aunt, and who had inherited a plot of land in a damp but paradisiacal valley aptly named Paradise Valley.
No one had lived in the house for several years.
The pipes were leaking, there were still spiders in the baths, slugs had left their marks on all the windows and thought they owned all this, and the garden was overgrown with weeds that looked like giant cabbages.
It was like the house from a children's fairy tale, both threatening and enticing, a garden full of secrets.
Portrait of the author: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is on the longlist for the Man Booker Prize 2014.
The shortlist will be announced next week.
Kevern had sat with Ailinn holding hands on the broken deckchairs in the high grass and enjoyed an unusually warm spring afternoon. Both had absent-mindedly latched on to the service console, which provided the country with soothing music and news, when the sight of their crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song by a long-forgotten black entertainer his father liked to listen to with the shutters closed in the house.
Your feet are too big.
Due to their inherent aggressiveness, songs of this kind were no longer played on the console.
Not forbidden - nothing was really forbidden - just not played.
It has been successfully obsoleted, just like the word obsolesce.
The general taste achieved what decrees and regulations could never have done, and just as people choose from books the from dishwasher to millionaire memoirs, cookbooks and romance novels, they chose ballads for music.
In the euphoria of the day, Kevern began playing an imaginary piano and singing Ailinn's big feet in a grossly comical serenade.
Ailinn didn't understand that.
"That was a famous song by a jazz pianist named Fats Waller," he explained to her, automatically putting two fingers to his lips.
His father had always done this to stop the letter J before it came out of his mouth.
It had started as a game between him and his father when he was a child.
His father had played it with his own father, he had told me.
If you start a word with a J without putting two fingers over your lips, it will cost you a penny.
It hadn't been a very funny game even then, and it wasn't very funny now.
He knew that this was expected of him, that was all.
It had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard any.
Jazz was not played, even if it was not directly forbidden.
Improvising was no longer modern.
There was only room for one "if" in life.
At the beginning of a melody, people wanted to be quite sure where it would end.
So is the mind.
His unpredictability made people nervous.
And jazz was musically expressed mind.
Although he had turned 10 without having heard of Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew something about jazz from his father's half-secret collection of old CDs.
But at least he did not have to explain to Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
At her age she probably couldn't remember a time when pop singers weren't black.
Again, no laws or constraints applied.
A conformist society meant that every element of that society gratefully agreed to the principle of group endowment - grateful as those spared by fate.
People of Afro-Caribbean origin were suitable for entertainment and sports because of their temperament and physique, so they sang and ran.
People who originally came from the Indian subcontinent were blessed with electronic talent as if by nature, and they were entrusted with the task of ensuring that no family was left without a functioning service telephone.
What was left of the Polish community took care of the sewage system; what was left of the Greeks smashed plates.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levant, whose grandparents had not left the country quickly when WHAT HAPPENED WAS happening - for fear of being accused of starting fires, for fear that the flames would consume them next - had opened labneh and shisha-pipe restaurants, kept their heads down and became depressed with inactivity.
Each according to his abilities.
As she had only heard ballads, Ailinn found it difficult to understand how the insulting words Kevern had just sung to her could ever be set to music.
Music was an expression of love.
"They're not really insulting," Kevern said.
Except maybe for people whose feet are too big.
My father never insulted anyone, but he loved this song.
He talked too much, but the neglected garden gave him the deceptive feeling of security.
Nothing could overcome the sound insulation of the huge cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn still did not understand.
Why would your father love something like that?
He wanted to say that it was a joke, but hesitated to put two fingers to her lips again in her presence.
She already thought he was a little weird.
"It seemed funny to him," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief and blocked Kevern's view.
There was nothing else to see in the whole world but her uncombed raven-black hair.
There was nothing else he wanted to see.
"When you say it," she means without conviction.
But that still doesn't explain why you're singing it to me.
She seemed genuinely worried.
Are my feet too big?
He looked again.
Your feet aren't that straight.
Maybe your ankles, a little bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I don't hate you.
It's just the stupid song.
He could have said, "I love you," but it was too early.
"Your thick ankles are exactly why I like you," he tried instead.
I'm a bit perverse.
That didn't sound right.
It was supposed to be weird.
When he tried to be funny, he often got himself into trouble because, like his father, he did not have the reassuring charm needed to tame the cruelty inherent in jokes.
Maybe his father wanted to be cruel too.
Maybe he, Kevern, wanted to be.
Despite his kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomons blushed and rose from her deck chair, knocked over the console and spilled the wine they had drunk.
Elderflower wine, so drunkenness was no excuse for him.
In her excitement she seemed to tremble like palm fronds in a storm.
"And your pigheadedness is exactly why I'm pervertedly attracted to you," she said...
Except I'm not.
He felt sorry for her, both because of the unnecessary unkindness of his words and the fear that appeared in her eyes when she rebelled against him.
Did she think he was gonna hit her?
She had not told him about life in the cold northern archipelago where she had grown up, but he had no doubt that it was essentially like this.
The same huge and ice-cold ocean broke here and there on the shore.
The same confused men, with even thicker skin and more morose after WHAT HAPPENED THAN their ancestors as smugglers and beachcombers had been, moved from pub to pub, always ready to raise their hand against a woman who refused or ridiculed them.
Stubborn?
They would have shown her a thick fist if she wasn't careful!
They first snog - snogging was the most commonly used word for an erotic attraction between men and women, an antidote to the meaningless love ballads from the console - they first snog and then hit.
In Keern's view, this was an unnecessary refinement, since the snogging itself was already an act of violence.
Ailinn Solomons gave him a sign to go through her body.
He rose from his deck chair like an old man.
She also felt leaden, but the force of his grief surprised her.
It wasn't the end of the world.
They hardly knew each other.
She watched him move away - just as her companion watched him from an upstairs room - a man weighted down by something he had conjured up himself.
Adam's leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a sudden pain for him and men in general, although some had raised their hands against her.
A man turned away from her, his back bent, ashamed, defeated, without fighting spirit - why was this a sight she seemed to know well, when she could not remember a single time she had seen such a thing before today?
When she was alone again, Ailinn Solomons looked at her feet.
Several years before the events just told, Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher working on behalf of Ofnow, the non-legislative watchdog of public sentiment, gave a brief presentation on the continuing violence at low and medium levels in precisely those parts of the country where its reduction, if not elimination, was most likely to be expected, given the money and energy invested in eradicating it.
"Much has already been done, and much remains to be done," she wrote, "to appease the innate aggressiveness of a people who have fought a thousand wars and won most of them, especially in the remote corners and valleys of the country where, historically, the sweet breath of human kindness has rarely been felt, despite the towering church towers between the hedges.
But some characteristics turn out to be ineradicable.
The higher the church tower, it seems, the less passion it continues to arouse.
The population weeps as they listen to sentimental ballads, intoxicates itself with stories of difficulties overcome and claims to believe firmly in the virtues of marriage and family life. Yet not only does the former savagery hold rural communities as firmly as our urban fabric, but there is evidence of the emergence of a new and insidious quarrelsomeness at home, at work, on the streets and even on the playing fields.
"They have an unfortunate tendency to exaggerate," said their mentor when he read the whole report.
I suggest you read less novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I also have to ask: are you an atheist?
"I don't think I need to say that," Esme Nussbaum replied.
Are you a lesbian?
Again Esme invoked her right to privacy and refusal to testify.
Feminist?
Silence again.
"I don't ask this," Luther Rabinowitz finally said, "because I would be against atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
This is a nonjudgmental workplace.
We serve an unprejudiced society.
But certain types of hypersensitivity, which in themselves are perfectly acceptable and commendable, can occasionally distort results as you have presented them.
You yourself obviously have prejudices against the Church, and these things which you describe as "sneaky" and "crude" could just as well be interpreted by others as an expression of a natural strength and vitality.
To continue to ride on what has happened, IF IT HAS happened, as if it had happened yesterday, is to deprive the land of its essential vitality.
Esme Nussbaum looked around while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind his head, an LED lettering in flamingorosa repeated the advice Ofnow had given the country over the last quarter century or more.
Smile at your neighbor, appreciate your partner, listen to ballads, attend musicals, use your phone, speak, explain, listen, agree, apologize.
Speaking is better than silence, the sung word is better than the written word, but nothing is better than love.
"I absolutely understand what you're getting at," Esme Nussbaum replied in a calm voice when she was sure that her superior had finished speaking, "and I'm saying nothing else but that we're not yet as effectively cured as we pretend to be.
My concern is that without warning we may find ourselves repeating the mistakes that led to WHAT HAS BEEN IN THE first place, IF IT HAS BEEN.
But this time it is not the others on whom we vent our anger and mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz formed a pyramid with his hands.
To suggest an angel's patience.
"You go too far," he said, "if you call actions "mistakes" that our grandparents may or may not have made.
You also go too far when you say that they have taken their "anger" and "mistrust" out on "others".
It should not really be necessary to remind someone in your position that in understanding the past, as in protecting the present, we do not speak of "us" and "others".
There was no "we" and there was no "others".
It was a time of disorder, that's all we know.
"Of which, if we are honest with ourselves," Esme dared to interject, "no part of society can claim to have behaved well.
I'm not accusing anyone.
Whether it was done badly or well, what's done is done.
That was then.
Nothing more needs to be said about this - we all agree on that.
And just as no debt has to be assigned, so no debt has to be repaid if such repayment would be appropriate and if there were a way to pay it off.
But what good is the past if we don't learn from it?
The past serves to make us forget.
If I may say so -
Luther Rabinowitz let his pyramid collapse.
"I'll consider her report," he said and dismissed her.
The next day, as she was going to work as usual, she was run over by a motorcyclist who, as passers-by described, had hit the sidewalk in a kind of "brutal rage".
Coincidences do exist.
Lesotho military member says no coup planned; Prime Minister remains in South Africa
Military officials in Lesotho denied that they had planned a coup to overthrow the government and said they were acting against police officers accused of arming political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country and announced that the country's army had surrounded his official residence and occupied government buildings in the capital Maseru.
The prime minister brought his family to neighbouring South Africa after reporting threats of assassination.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said that there was de facto no coup d'état, but that the military was responding to the threat of "political fanatics" who were about to be armed by the police.
"What happened this morning was that the Lesotho Defense Forces Staff acted after receiving several intelligence reports that within the police force there are some elements who actually wanted to arm some of the political, party political young fanatics who were on the verge of wreaking havoc," he told Voice of America.
The South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military action gave the impression of a coup.
"Although no one has claimed to have usurped the government by force, all reports agree that the activities of Lesotho's defence forces have so far shown signs of a coup d'état," he said.
Speakers for the Lesotho military said on Sunday that the soldiers were retreating to their barracks and the situation in the capital was calm.
In the meantime, Vice Premier Mothetjoya Metsing is taking over the government during Thabane's absence.
Thabane said that he believes he has become a target because of his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
There has been great tension in Lesotho since June after Thabane suspended parliamentary sessions due to the clashes in his unity government.
He said his actions had not undermined the government, despite allegations to the contrary.
Euro-zone production at a 13-month low
The rise in production in the euro zone slowed in August to the lowest point in 13 months, according to a closely watched study.
The final Markit Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) fell to 50.7 in August from 51.8 in July.
A value above 50 indicates an expansion.
New orders declined and factories suffered slumps at a time of rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures arrive before the meeting of the European Central Bank (ECB) on Thursday.
The markets expect the Bank to have a clear plan for dealing with a hesitant recovery in the eurozone and the threat of deflation with inflation at just 0.3%.
There is speculation that the head of the ECB, Mario Draghi, may provide further details later this week as to whether he is considering quantitative easing for the Euro-Zone, similar to those made by Britain and the US during the financial crisis.
"Although small growth is better than no growth at all, the slowing effects of increasing economic and geopolitical uncertainties have become more apparent to manufacturers," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, Russia's largest trading partner in the EU, fell to its lowest level in 11 months at 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the bloc's second largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France remains a problem child, as does Italy's descent from solid expansion to stagnation.
Evidence that growth incentives in the key industrial mechanism Germany, as well as in Spain and the Netherlands, are no longer effective is not reassuring either," said Mr Dobson.
The decline in industry is likely to fuel the fire of analysts who expect further monetary or fiscal stimulus.
Positive news came from the Republic of Ireland, where the PMI rose to 57.3, its highest level since late 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economic expert at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said for the eurozone Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index for August is that the sector continues to grow thereafter.
He added: "Producers in the eurozone are obviously finding life quite difficult at the moment, as the current heightened geopolitical tensions - especially with regard to Russia and Ukraine - are adding to uncertainties in the continuing difficult conditions in many countries.
These increased uncertainties have clearly affected the economy - in particular, and consumer confidence, and are likely to lead to some orders being delayed or even cancelled, especially large orders.
He said that it is "increasingly likely" that the ECB will eventually have to initiate some form of QE, "although we suspect that this will be limited.
The hell decade of the survivors of Beslan: Ten years have passed since the terrible siege of the school, how the children entangled in it still suffer today.
Ten years ago, over 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militias in a school in Beslan in southern Russia.
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day martyrdom that shocked the world.
We returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the classroom atrocity.
Exactly a decade after the horrific siege of the Beslan school, in which 334 people were killed, including 186 children, the heroic survivors last night warned of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When fanatical Islamist terrorists captured and killed children and parents on September 1, 2004, the start of a new school year, it seemed like the worst of evil.
The tragedy united East and West in disgust, and then surprisingly transformed into action and hope for the future in the midst of the worst misery.
Ten years later we returned to Beslan to find some of the victims who had escaped death in the classroom atrocity.
We found surprising young people who have overcome resistance, even though the memory of this terrorist hell will haunt them forever.
Your greatest hope?
That the war that now afflicts Ukraine - and in which children like them die - will now come to an end.
The girl who was photographed trying to climb back into the shot-up school sports hall
She was photographed by the Russian star photographer Dimitri Beliakov and became famous when she only tried to climb back into the shot-up school sports hall in her underwear after a mine exploded.
Totally confused, Aida searched for her mother Larissa, now 40 years old.
Both were presumed dead, but they survived.
"A woman told me to run for my life, but I couldn't," Aida said at the time.
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed back inside to look for my mother.
A soldier took her to safety.
After a series of operations she thought she was completely cured, but yesterday she said: "Three months ago the pain returned.
I'm afraid I'll have to have another operation.
Some shrapnel is still in my knee.
Her goal now is to become a dentist to help people as she was helped by doctors.
"This tragedy changed my life, but it didn't break me," she says pugnaciously.
"This happened to me, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Once a year I always go to the gym to remember those who stayed there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too much.
My best friend and future classmate Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were little and dreamed of going to school together.
"I don't want to get married until I finish my studies and start my career.
I'll think of a family later.
She says that the siege will always remain a part of her, although the memory gets a little weaker every year.
I am glad that many people in the world still remember our horrors and we are so grateful for the help we received from people in Britain and everywhere else.
When I see the photo of me climbing back into school online, I think that many people see it for the first time, understand our disaster and help to ensure that something like this does not happen again.
The boy who fled in the hail of bullets thinking his mother was dead
It was his first day at school (Russians go to school at the age of 7) and survived the three-day siege in the arms of his mother Tamara.
When he was seven years old, he said, "Mom told me to lie down if there was an explosion and hold her hand."
After an explosion, he thought she was dying.
She said to him, "Run."
Full of fear that she might be dead, he fled and saw a crying infant on the way, grabbed it by the hand and fled through a hail of bullets.
His father, Vladimir, who embraced his son outside, said: "Damir told me that his mother had died.
He said, "I couldn't save her."
In reality, Tamara had stumbled outside and was hospitalized with leg injuries, herself believing her son had died.
After her reunion she said: "I cried with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (by the now defunct News of the World newspaper) to be awarded the title of Barnardo's Children's Champion by then Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie.
"This horror haunts you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering," he said yesterday.
But I can say that my memory is getting paler.
I remember right after that I threw away all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting scenes and that's no problem for me.
"I'm not afraid to go back to the gym, but I don't think about myself.
I remember those kids I played with in the yard and they didn't make it outside.
We never say they were killed or that they're dead.
We say they stayed in the gym.
I remember very well my trip to London, especially the toy store where I could choose anything I wanted and the ride in a car open at the top.
But now he fears for places like Ukraine, where wars cause the kind of misfortune that he and his friends suffered.
This horror haunts you every day, but I wish I could stop remembering.
"I am so sorry for all those who suffer atrocities," said Damir, who last week worked as a volunteer in a monastery.
I want to help so badly.
I want to go to the police one day and hope that they will take me next year at the training academy.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: "37 children from our neighbourhood were killed, can you imagine?
I remember the terrible silence after the siege, there were simply no children to shout and run around, and this silence lasted for many months.
She remembers vividly her trip to London with Damir.
People in London cried when I told our story.
I understood then how people on the other side of the world can understand our feelings and show their support.
She was grateful to Cherie Blair and her foundation for the prize and the opportunity to travel to London in autumn 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and just tell her myself that 10 years have passed but I still remember meeting her and her husband in London and how that helped Damir and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat borscht and they called all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember him playing with waiters in a restaurant. Damir shot at them with his water pistol and they ran away and played with him.
And that was just one month after the horror.
I was surprised that the British so readily shared our pain and supported us.
She said: "I always think that this world has not gotten any better in these 10 years.
In Ukraine, the war is now continuing and people are dying every day, and I believe that many children have been killed and are still being killed.
They're just kids like ours.
I think that for many people the war is part of the news they hear when they are bored or busy with something else.
I just know what those people are feeling, all that horror.
And I can't stop feeling that.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and that is so sad.
Damir grew up and is a very gentle and calm boy, he is not aggressive or angry at all.
For example, he does not seek revenge, he is not overwhelmed by the past atrocities.
I know he doesn't like to remember it, but he has six close friends from class and they occasionally go to the gym and light candles.
When he was younger, he suffered from it - I remember how he sometimes lay down on the sofa, his face turned away from us, for hours.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw away all his weapons and other military toys. Damir is now 17, taller than me, handsome, intelligent and healthy.
I can hardly believe that for several hours I was so sure that he was dead and that I would never see him again.
When I recovered from the explosion and got on my feet, I looked around and saw hell all around me, with body parts lying around everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that my little boy could not possibly have survived in this hell.
"I remember shouting to him, 'Damir, run, run away," but I was so sure he hadn't heard me either.
But he heard it and he ran away.
And so life, unlike that of many others, continues for us.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy whose horrible image became the symbol of the horrors of Beslan after the siege
Consolation: Beslan survivor Georgij Lyin with his mother Fatima after the siege in 2004, right a picture of Georgij today
His bloodstained face was scarred with fear as he ran for his life while Chechen terrorists shot down his classmates.
His image was one of the most shocking symbols of the barbarism of Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a doctor, had dropped him off for his first day of school before hurrying off to take her elder son Vladimir to university.
"I left the yard about two minutes before the terrorists stormed it, leaving my little boy there alone for three terrible days," she remembers.
Not quite alone, there was a whole family of relatives of ours, but they were all killed.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The closer this date gets, the harder it is to think and talk about it.
There is not a single day when we do not remember this tragedy.
We don't think it was long ago, I mean it would have happened yesterday, some scenes from those days haunt me all the time.
No one will ever forget that, I promise you.
Insistent: The picture of Georgij (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and was immortalized as a statue (right).
I remember that Georgy so much wanted to go to school that day. He said he wanted to hug his teacher.
I didn't know he was alive until I saw him on TV.
And now there is even this statue of the weeping Georgij in San Marino.
Georgij does not like to see the picture, and it is hidden on the bookshelf in our home.
I understand that, but I also think that people all over the world feel our pain thanks to this image.
Georgij says today: "It is important that something like this can never happen again.
"I doubt we'll ever know the truth.
People investigate such tragedies again and again and never learn the truth.
And now they are investigating the crash of this Boeing in the Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world is turning into something terrible.
"I cannot understand how that is possible, because if you ask people, nobody wants a war, so how does that happen?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
It takes us dozens of years to forget it for a little while.
It has affected my health and I still feel it.
For about three or four years I had some nightmares because of the siege, but then it got better.
I went back to school later in 2004 and was scared every day.
I thought of my friends and classmates who had been killed.
That's why I always go to the sports hall when September 1st approaches.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends.
It's hard for me to go to the gym, but I have to.
I don't feel like a victim, this story is part of my past now.
I won't forget it, but I don't feel sorry for myself.
My life goes on.
I finished school this year and am attending a medical college in Vladikavkaz.
I'm gonna be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was a training in the army.
I wanted to become a soldier, but my health would not allow it.
I wanted to fight for my country, but it won't happen.
Georgy Faniev, 20
The boy who survived being captured at the feet of a murderous terrorist
A miracle: Georgij Fanijew was trapped at the feet of a murderous terrorist during the siege, but he managed to survive.
During the siege, he was trapped in the gymnasium and sat next to the bomb attached to the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It's really a miracle he wasn't killed.
"We feel as if it was yesterday," says Georgy, who wanted to join the FSB as an intelligence officer but could not do so because of the damage to his health caused by the siege.
It's still with me, it's nothing I've left behind.
I am older now and people say that children can easily deal with bad experiences - I must say that is not true.
"In 2006 I worked with psychologists and actually felt a little better after that, but I can't forget it.
And I'd like to forget.
2005 - the year after - was the first and only time I went to the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I will never go back there and please do not ask me to show you where I sat in that famous painting.
Survivor: Georgy Faniev today, with a photo of himself in hospital after the siege on his laptop
My pain is immense and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I don't like to think or talk about it and they never asked me about school.
Physically I'm fine.
I should be careful with my injured knee, but I can walk well now.
But because of my health I could not study at the FSB's intelligence academy in St. Petersburg as I wanted to.
I sent in my documents, including the medical ones, and they replied that it was not possible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I've been there for two years.
He learns how to treat all animals "from cats to cows".
He said: "I knew that I would never tell my children about my experiences.
Children should not know anything about this and of course they should not suffer it.
His mother Marina, 42, said: "This pain never leaves me.
He is in my soul, worse as the anniversary approaches.
I'll go to the commemoration ceremonies.
I know Georgy won't go.
It must be even more intense for him, because he was there and I wasn't.
I waited for him at home and could not help.
I am so grateful to God that he has been returned to me. Here in Beslan they are all marked by it.
It stays in us.
Georgy is an adult now, but this horror is still inside him.
It's hard to accept when something so unfair happens to you.
He is a boy, he likes sports, but he cannot participate because of his knee.
He has undergone several operations, he can walk but not do sports.
I would say that he has overcome the horror by 50%, but you can never completely overcome and forget that.
This terrible experience will always haunt us.
Many friends and neighbours were killed during the siege and this only increases my pain.
I have lost many people I knew well and who were dear to me.
My son is with me, and this is the greatest gift that God could give me, but my heart cries for those who have been killed.
I know of families where new children were born, but also of widows who never remarried.
It's hard to accept that life goes on, even if you don't want it to.
I'll never forget how my heart jumped when I saw him in the hospital.
And now I see what is going on in the world - wars in other regions.
What are these people fighting for?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is very close to our country now and I can hardly believe it.
We used to be a friendly country, how is it possible that we fight now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure that in Ukraine many children have already been killed and many more will be killed.
If only we could grab all these rebels and throw them out - as far away as possible.
Alyona Tskaeva, 10
The baby that was so poignantly carried to safety by a special ops team
Saved: Alyona Tskaeva is brought to safety by a Russian special operations team (left).
She is now ten (right) and does not remember the cruelties
The world held its breath in 2004 when the baby Alyona was carried in the arms of a Russian policeman from the siege of Beslan.
The terrorists let her go, but in their cruelty held back her 30-year-old mother, 10-year-old sister Kristina and her brother Makhar in the school gym.
Makhar, then three years old, escaped, but Alyona's mother and sister died in the murderous slaughter.
Her father Ruslan has since remarried and has a little girl with his new wife Svetlana, who he named Kristina after his lost daughter.
Alyona, now ten years old, has no memory of the siege and has grown into an intelligent and happy girl, say neighbours.
"They are one big happy family now and Alyona and Makhar are both great children," says a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic father and wants to spare them all the memories that come up with the tenth anniversary.
You'll understand why.
Man accused of running over girl at Fife crosswalk
A 78-year-old man is on trial for running over a three-year-old girl on a pedestrian crossing in Fife.
Gordon Steward is accused of hitting a girl on the crossing at Pittenween in East Neuk.
The prosecution claims that Mr. Steward steered his Audi Q3 without the necessary care and attention and injured the girl.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the accusation before the Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC scheduled the trial for January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and videos
If you like to take pictures or videos under water, there is a selection of equipment available.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, like the Nikon Coolpix AW120, or an action cam like the GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, both of which are available for about $300.
I took these photos at a family party with several cameras, all of which are available for less than $350.
Regardless of the equipment, there are a few rules for the best results.
Check your equipment twice.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the battery compartment and other compartments are sealed tightly.
Also set your camera to the photos or videos you want to take.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene and recording modes that optimize exposure time for the dim underwater conditions.
And before you jump in, check to what depth your equipment is functional.
Some cameras are only approved for up to 5 feet, others up to 50 or 60 feet.
Search our shopping guide and reviews for digital cameras for both traditional and waterproof models.
Take multiple shots - because many will not work.
Point-and-shoot cameras have an LCD that you can use to compose images, action cams usually do not.
Even if you have an LCD, it's difficult to watch it underwater, and the correct picture setting is a matter of luck.
So you take a lot of pictures.
If your camera has a bracketing mode that allows you to take a series of shots with slightly different exposure settings, use it.
Stay close to the surface.
The light gets dramatically worse the further you move away from the surface.
So if possible, stay close to the surface when taking pictures in a pool, a lake or the sea.
This also allows you to add more color to your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you will see.
Get close to the objects.
This is also good advice on land, but it is even more important under water because of the poor lighting conditions.
It is especially important if you work with an action cam: These devices often have a fixed wide-angle lens, which means you need to get closer to your subjects if you want them to fill the entire frame.
Andrew Lawson was the sort of man whose character changes things, even in such a huge organisation as the NHS.
As a consultant anaesthetist, he dedicated his career to the task of sparing the sick both the agony of the disease and the agony of treatment.
Among his patients, his wife recalls, was an MI6 employee who had to live with the devastating effects of torture.
Lawson knew that the diagnoses and illnesses were important to the doctors, while the people being treated were mostly busy with something completely different: Pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one whose suffering began.
"I did not feel," he wrote in May of this year.
I had trouble getting up.
As he struggled with the flu-like symptoms, he noticed that he was impatiently blaming his wife Juliet.
"I want everything right now rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet was on a business trip for a week, Lawson felt unusually and without reason worried.
Something was in the air.
He asked a colleague to do an X-ray of his chest.
Only two weeks ago he had been in the French Alps for skiing.
The result of the X-ray examination was available.
He suffered from mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that attacks the pleura, the skin covering the lungs.
As with most cancers, the exact trigger is usually difficult to determine.
For example, while some smokers develop lung cancer, not all lung cancer patients have been smokers in the past.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost all cases, the trigger is asbestos exposure - contact with the fibre building material, which was once considered a "miracle material" but has now been recognised as fatal.
For most of us mesothelioma is a disease that we can easily ignore.
After all, asbestos is a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in the United Kingdom since the 1960s, when industry voluntarily undertook not to use it.
Even where it was still in use, only people in certain industries worked directly with the fabric - plumbers, construction workers, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
As an industrial hazardous substance from another time, it hardly seems to be a cause for concern today.
But this complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it seems, is today experiencing the peak of a mesolthelioma epidemic.
There are more deaths from mesothelioma here than in any other country in the world.
With a total of 2,500 deaths per year, twice as many people die from this disease as in traffic accidents.
Annual numbers of mesothelioma deaths since 1980 and projected future deaths in the UK
The reason why we are experiencing the deadly effects now, although asbestos has been illegal for years (in 1999 all types of asbestos were banned), is that mesothelioma develops only after decades.
And the scourge of mesothelioma is not limited to former workers in the construction industry.
Asbestos was, and often still is, present in the homes we live in, the offices we work in, the schools we study in and the shops we shop in.
And therefore mesothelioma knows no class barriers, financial limits, professions or age.
The privileged bastions, from the elegant department stores in London to private schools, are not a shelter.
The Parliament buildings are contaminated with asbestos.
Even in the hospitals, where we are supposed to get well after all, have already been identified as the initial focus of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
He wasn't a plumber either.
It was indeed difficult for him to imagine where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he found out.
"It looks like there was a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital, where I did my training for six years," he wrote.
Everyone - students, nurses, doctors and doormen - use the tunnels.
One wonders how many of my peers will suffer from the same disease?
Unfortunately, he was able to answer this question at least partially.
"Of the four doctors trained at Guy's Hospital who have been diagnosed with mesothelioma in the last five years," he wrote in a letter in 2010, "I am the last one still alive.
How many more of us are gonna get sick?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma at the age of 48 years.
He was 55 when he died on 17 February of this year.
That was an unusually long survival period.
Fifty percent of all mesothelioma patients die within 8 months of diagnosis.
The disease is always fatal.
So we can only repeat Lawson's question: "How many more of us are going to get sick?"
The UK's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, estimates that between 1870 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain is expected to come to a halt, a total of 90,000 people will have fallen victim to the disease.
Right now, most of them have no idea they're gonna die like this.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick look at the files of the courts, to which the affected persons often turn for compensation claims, shows how widespread the scourge of mesothelioma already is.
In June of this year, for example, Marks & Spencer admitted to having negligently exposed Janice Allen to asbestos.
She worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, and was responsible for the clothing department at two locations - one of them the flagship store on Oxford Street.
Mrs. Allen was only 18 years old when she started working for M&S.
Now she has two kids in their twenties.
"Before this thing," she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I didn't even really know anything about asbestos.
I never thought it would affect me.
There are few people who know much about asbestos.
The fact is that the term asbestos refers not to one substance but to a group of six minerals.
The name derives from the word "asbestos form", a description of the fibre structure that makes the material resistant and flexible.
Three of the six were used in the construction industry.
Chrysotile, also known as white asbestos, is by far the most commonly found asbestos in buildings today.
It was used for roof panels, floor panels, pipe insulation, boiler insulation, even for brake pads in cars.
It is less lethal than other forms of asbestos, but is still considered by the EU and WHO as a "major health risk" with possible fatal consequences.
However, brown asbestos (amosite) and blue asbestos (crocidolite) are more dangerous.
Britain was once the world's largest importer of brown asbestos, and experts suspect that "there is clear but indirect evidence that this was a major cause of the uniquely high mesothelioma rates.
A Marks & Spencer employee was exposed to asbestos at the flagship store in Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Allen may not have considered herself a typical mesothelioma victim, but the work of Julian Peto suggests that her story is by no means unusual.
He presented a study of the affected people, which shows that "a significant proportion of mesotheliomas without known exposure were caused by work or in the home probably by environmental exposure to asbestos.
According to him, a large part of these contacts are based on the "normal use and aging" of our buildings.
It seems that nobody can assume to be safe.
A report by Goddard Consulting, which investigated the Palace of Westminster, shows how people, even in the heart of government, may have been unknowingly exposed to the substance.
In 2009, Goddard reported that the service shafts and pipes behind the Parliament's committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos, the deadly fibres of which could be stirred up by something as harmless as "strong air movements".
Members of Parliament are often accused of looking after their own interests, but here it looks like the opposite is true.
While the Parliamentary Employment Service Directorate insisted that Westminster Palace had received a "clean bill of health", it is now clear that £1 billion of work over several years will be required to renovate the Parliament, modernise the electrical installations and remove asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election MPs are more likely to meet in the nearby QE2 conference centre than on the green benches at Westminster.
The Goddard report also pointed out that "the presence of asbestos was not handled in accordance with the relevant regulations.
No one can know if this mismanagement will cost lives.
All you can do now is wait.
One person who has never been able to accurately determine exposure to asbestos is Graham Abbott, a general practitioner.
Like Andrew Lawson, 50-year-old Abbott suspects that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I have worked in a hospital where asbestos claims have been positively decided," he says, "but I can't prove it in my case.
It is so difficult to remember all the places you have worked and the dates.
What he remembers exactly is the day in early December 2009 when he got some kind of fever.
He was 45, and he was performing surgery just late at night.
Suddenly I had chills.
It was all of a sudden.
I felt terrible.
I didn't think I'd make the drive home.
As a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain came from the pleura, the skin around his lungs.
But like Janice Allen, he had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
He didn't go to work for a month.
Surprised doctors took X-rays of his chest and applied pleural catheters to take fluid from his lungs and test it in the laboratory.
However, his complaints remained without diagnosis.
His health slowly improved and he returned to his workplace.
From time to time, however, the symptoms returned, often after exercise and heavy breathing.
In 2011 a patient of Abbott with similar symptoms came to his practice and was later diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even now Abbott did not link this to his own case.
After all, his patient was several decades older and had worked directly with asbestos.
The connection in this case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition worsened again and his family doctor brought his CT scans and X-rays to an expert group.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott first felt ill, a camera-equipped probe was inserted into the cavity between the pleura and the pleura.
I'm an optimist.
I usually just keep going," he says.
To be honest, I wasn't that worried.
But Rachel, my wife, was worried.
The result of the biopsy was available in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: Diagnosis Mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott had appointments with Macmillan nurses, one of whom recommended that he get a lawyer.
Only now did he understand the scale of the epidemic.
"It turned out that asbestos was very common, especially in large public buildings where pipes were often insulated with asbestos," he says.
The people who were exposed to asbestos in these buildings are now falling ill.
And so mesothelioma now affects younger people who have not worked in the typical professions.
The most dangerous pipes with asbestos insulation in hospitals were underground, so patients were probably not exposed to the substance.
But many employees who moved from one building to another in pedestrian tunnels (like Andrew Lawson) or ate in underground canteens (as Graham Abbott often did) were most likely to come into contact with the toxic substances.
It turns out that for several decades after the war, hospitals may have been life-saving for patients, but life-threatening for the doctors treating them.
It is still being removed today.
Students placed their Bunsen burners on asbestos mats.
And it's not just hospitals.
Asbestos has been widely used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls due to its fabulous insulating and flame retardant properties.
Even schools.
In fact, many people have probably had their first contact with asbestos in a classroom.
All over the country, in thousands of chemistry lessons, schoolchildren have placed their Bunsen burners on asbestos mats.
The issue of asbestos in schools is now frequently raised on websites.
And meanwhile, such innocent objects in our homes as floor tiles or shed roofs have asbestos as standard.
"It's an industrial toxin that is present in much of our real estate," notes Andrew Morgan, the attorney who represented Andrew Lawson in his lawsuit against Guy's Hospital.
In one case, the only contact that came to mind for a woman affected was the demolition of a garden shed in the 1970s.
So watch how you tear down your garden shed.
The impact of the diagnosis, and the knowledge that the disease is incurable, is immense.
"It takes a while to process," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to keep going, but I realized that I couldn't concentrate on what I was doing.
I spent two weeks in the office.
Then I knew I had to go and take care of myself.
Well, I'm not gonna have another Christmas.
One of the greatest difficulties was the change of perspective from the position of a doctor to that of a patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers how overwhelmed he was by all the information he had to cope with.
"It was very difficult to record all this," he says.
"I asked my doctor "how long do I have left?"
And they gave me about 12 more months.
I remember thinking, "Well, I'm not going to have another Christmas.
That's it.""
Mesothelioma is particularly insidious because it is our life-support mechanism - breathing itself - that causes the deadly cancer.
Most cases of mesothelioma are caused by contact with asbestos.
Asbestos consists of very small fibres.
When the asbestos is whirled up and the fibres are inhaled, they can settle in the pleura, the skin around the lungs.
Asbestos fibres irritate the pleura and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem arises with inhaled needle-shaped asbestos fibers," says Professor Tom Treasure, a cardiothoracic physician who moved to Guy's Hospital in 2001.
Ironically, the very hospital that Andrew Lawson suspects of having exposed him to asbestos is now, ironically, a leading center in the treatment of mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson and treated some others who were probably also exposed to asbestos during their hospital training.
Once the asbestos needles reach the lung tissue, Treasure says, "the breathing process pushes them to the edge where the skin is.
By nature it is invasive from the beginning.
The usual options for other cancers do not work so well in mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of an operation, for example, is hotly disputed.
Some think it's worth a try.
Treasure denies it.
"You can't cut out the pleura," he says.
You can't get around it with a knife.
Meanwhile, the cancer "does not respond very well to chemotherapy," which "shows effect" but does not cure.
"Sometimes there are long-term survivors," Treasure says.
But in the end, they all die.
Fortunately, some patients actually live long, much longer than expected.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after the diagnosis.
Two and a half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott is still struggling.
After contacting Mesothelioma, Abbott got in touch with Andrew Lawson, who four years after his diagnosis had become a one-man support and counseling office for fellow sufferers.
"Hello, cancer control center," he'd answer the phone happily.
"It was very positive," Abbott says.
He had received his diagnosis 4 years earlier and was still very active.
Originally, Abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy that would last four months and would likely extend his life by only one month.
"I was desperate," he says.
I was gonna give up.
But Lawson managed to "put things in a slightly more positive light."
After consulting several doctors, Abbott decided to continue his treatment with Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski, cardiothoracic specialist at Guy's.
"We had an advantage in that I didn't have to be referred, I just called and got an appointment," Graham admits.
A normal patient would have to receive a referral and wait for approval of the treatment.
Money is crucial for mesothelioma sufferers to be able to take advantage of the best available therapies.
But when these treatments inevitably fail in the end, many sufferers are left with another financial worry - about the future of the families they leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in the hope of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan of Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known since 1898 that asbestos is extremely dangerous to health," says Morgan.
But what changed in the 1960s was that it was recognized that even very low levels of exposure posed a health risk.
And this is where the negligence of the companies began to play a role.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's Hospital eventually settled their case, but it was not what Morgan calls "full compensation" because Lawson could not prove with absolute certainty that his mesothelioma was due to asbestos contact at Guy's.
However, after investigating his death, a spokesman for Guy's confirmed that "the asbestos fibers in the affected basement area were removed in the 1990s.
It was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How asbestos can be removed
In fact, for mesothelioma sufferers seeking compensation, it is a huge problem to attribute the fatal asbestos exposure to a company or workplace - usually decades after the incidents.
Many of their former employers have been sold or closed down.
Insurance documents can be lost.
And those who resist claims know that the time is for them, but certainly not with the plaintiffs.
In response, this year there has been significant new legislation that makes it easier for mesothelioma sufferers to claim compensation even if their previous employers are no longer to be found.
The Act has set up an insurance industry-sponsored fund of £350 million for anyone diagnosed after July 2012 who can prove they have had contact but cannot sue anyone.
In these cases, the plaintiffs receive 80 per cent of what a court could have awarded them in a normal damages case - about £120,000.
Some 300 successful applications to the programme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like so many mesothelioma sufferers, thinks that £350 million is a "very good job" for the insurance industry.
"This is a deal by insurers for insurers," he says, suggesting that this amount is a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay if time hadn't passed and mesothelioma sufferers could find the companies and sue them normally.
Mike Penning, then Minister of Labour and Pensions, also admitted that the law was "not perfect".
But both Penning and Morgan admitted that, with seven deaths a day, quick action was necessary.
"People are suffering so much and need help today," Penning said during the second hearing of the Mesothelioma Act last December.
By this time Graham Abbott had been in the hands of Prof. Loic Lang-Lazdunski for 19 months.
After their initial consultations, Lang-Lazdunski recommended an operation from which he expected a positive effect, unlike Tom Treasure.
This was accompanied by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a triple therapy with which Lang-Lazdunski can present a survival rate over five years of up to 40 percent.
Abbott felt strengthened.
"That's obviously one of the most important things," Abbott says.
You see this in patients all the time.
There's something that's gonna keep you going.
If you give up, you're gonna get worse real fast.
Graham Abbott underwent the operation in March 2012.
At the end of August he had completed the last of the six cycles of chemotherapy.
Aftercare scans showed no signs of the disease.
Then I had a scan in March 2014.
There were several cancer spots around my breast.
I just turned 50.
It's not life-threatening.
It's life-ending.
Again, Abbott underwent six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no trace of the tumours visible.
But the process is physically and mentally very exhausting.
You need to think about practical things - about the money when I am no longer here, for example, or showing my wife how to set the boiler time.
When you receive bad news, you become negative.
You must look ahead.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, it's not always easy.
"It's hard for parents," he says.
It's hard to know what to say and how much.
When I received my first diagnosis, I told my girls that I had a disease that I would not grow old with.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and impetuous.
She told her friends and we soon got a lot of phone calls.
Ellie was more reserved.
She didn't say much.
Such conversations are something that all cancer patients have to go through.
But for mesotheliomeric patients such conversations are not tinged with hope, not a trace of hope for survival.
The disease brings (as it ultimately did for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim security.
As Andrew Morgan says, "Mesothelioma is not life-threatening.
bodies of embalmed pharaohs wrapped in asbestos clothing
Asbestos fibres, which were used to reinforce cooking pots and for greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
A fabric was developed that is not flammable.
I've seen napkins made from it stew in the fireplace at banquets.
The use of modern commercial asbestos begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (including banknotes) and fabric.
Major asbestos mines are opened in Canada and South Africa, and shortly afterwards in America, Italy and Russia.
It is the ideal insulation material for the steam engines and turbines of the industrial revolution.
Global asbestos production is increasing to more than 30,000 tonnes per year.
Statisticians from Prudential identify a premature death rate among those who work with asbestos. They will then no longer receive any life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr. William Cooke states that asbestos particles in the lungs are "without any reasonable doubt the leading cause of death.
This is the first case of its kind.
Kershaw's employers, Turner Bros Asbestos, accept no liability.
No compensation will be paid.
During the Second World War, ships are built intensively, one of the deadliest tasks involving contact with asbestos.
Voluntary renunciation by the industry of the import of blue asbestos
An appeal court confirms the first successful personal injury claim in the UK for exposure to asbestos.
Global asbestos production is increasing to more than 4,213,000 tonnes per year.
Great Britain imports 139,000 tons.
A Health and Safety Executive in the UK requires all companies working with asbestos to obtain a licence.
The import and use of blue and brown asbestos is prohibited by law in the UK.
All use of asbestos is banned in the United Kingdom.
The Mesothelioma Act is passed in Great Britain.
A £350 million compensation programme is announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used as a cheap building material in many countries around the world.
Worldwide production is about 2 million tons per year.
China denies Hong Kong right to government election, demonstrators swear revenge
On Sunday the Chinese parliament decided against the nomination of candidates for the 2017 elections by Hong Kong's electorate, despite increased calls for democratic reforms.
This move is likely to fuel the long-announced protests in Hong Kong's business district, while activists began planning and mobilizing within hours of the announcement.
The decision of the Chinese People's Congress allows the communist leaders in principle to reject all candidates who are not loyal to Beijing.
"This is not unexpected, but it makes us angry," said legal expert Emily Lau, leader of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
The people of Hong Kong have been lied to.
And it is clear that we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
In his defence of the Chinese decision, Li Fei, Deputy Secretary General of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said that allowing public nominations in the elections would be too "chaotic" for the Hong Kong government.
Since 1997, when Britain returned control of Hong Kong to the Chinese, Beijing has promised to let its people elect the head of government from 2017.
The Chinese leadership presented Sunday's decision as a democratic breakthrough because it gives Hong Kong citizens a direct right to vote, but the decision also makes it clear that the Chinese leadership is keeping a firm grip on the process through a closely Beijing-controlled nomination committee.
In addition, a new clause stipulates that only candidates "with love for the country and love for Hong Kong" will be admitted.
The decision follows a summer that saw some of the largest and most high-profile protests in Hong Kong for several years.
Behind the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the movement Occupy Central With Love and Peace, whose organisers have threatened to close down the financial district if Beijing does not allow genuine universal suffrage.
On Sunday evening, within hours of the announcement, hundreds of Occupy-Central supporters had gathered in the rain outside the Hong Kong government headquarters.
During the demonstration, the organizers said that their movement had reached a new level of civil disobedience and that they were planning waves of protest in the coming weeks.
However, they did not provide further details on this, apparently in order to avoid problems with the authorities.
In an online communication, the organizers announced that the movement "has considered the occupation of the central district only as a last resort, an action that should only take place when all opportunities for dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are sorry to say that today all opportunities for dialogue have been exhausted and the occupation of the Central District will definitely take place.
The Hong Kong authorities have been preparing for days for Beijing's announcement, and tightened security measures, including police forces and barricades, were in place outside the government building on Sunday.
The unrest is compounded by the feeling of many in Hong Kong that they are slowly losing control of their city.
The influx of people from the mainland increases competition for products and services.
There is also a growing fear that Hong Kong's values such as democracy and freedom of speech are beginning to crumble under growing pressure from Beijing.
Some criticised the demonstrations by the Occupy Central movement for endangering business operations - Hong Kong's lifeline.
"The protests they are talking about could cause great economic damage, depending on how many are involved and how long they last," said legal expert Regine Ip, who has long criticised the movement.
We do not want to arouse any fears that Hong Kong will get out of control.
This impression is bad for investments.
China's state-controlled media also recently reported on democracy activists in Hong Kong as subversive agents controlled by Western powers.
This summer, activists organised an unofficial referendum on voting rights, in which 780,000 people took part - more than a fifth of Hong Kong's electorate.
In July, tens of thousands took part in one of the largest democracy demonstrations in the history of the region.
The tradition of graduation balls in the USA is now being transferred to universities, where Freshmen are offered performances by private aircraft.
We are delighted to respond to this demand and offer the UK's first luxury travel service for today's students.
In order to achieve a particularly impressive appearance at the university, the company also offers transport options such as private aircraft, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Marten or McLaren P1.
Mr. Stewart also stated that the service has a security division.
This service is an ideal alternative for students who would otherwise have to drive their belongings around the country in a dangerously overloaded car.
Together with our new VIF options, we look forward to ensuring this year that students reach the university with a minimum of hassle and a maximum of luxury.
A company spokesperson said that there were no new bookings yet as the service had just been launched, but added that "students will book the service in the coming weeks".
The company also said that despite the £9,000 per year tuition fees, it expects a market for this offer.
Students today are very different in their expectations and demands from students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it is more important than ever to make a great first impression, and with VIF you can do just that.
The National Union of Students, however, criticized the service as being aloof.
Megan Dunn, Vice President of the NIS for Higher Education said: "This offer seems completely separate from the lives of the majority of students.
Many students starting their studies this month are facing a cost of living crisis as the available financial aid in the form of loans and scholarships cannot keep up with the soaring bills for the simplest livelihoods before they can even think of spending thousands of pounds on something as simple as arriving in student accommodation.
Feminists criticize race issue and police behavior after Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed earlier this month by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
The participants raised their hands in the air and sang, "Hands up, don't shoot," while waiting for the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo, over the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noted a change in online discussions among white feminists.
In their experience, white feminist commentators put gender before race when it comes to addressing reproductive rights and income inequalities.
However, as tensions rose in the Midwest and received attention across the country, Perez saw that white women's responses were 100% race related.
Compared with the responses of black women shortly after the August 9 shooting, the personal essays with titles such as "Thoughts on Ferguson by a White Woman" and "Feminism is not just about the oppression of women" came relatively late.
But for Perez, this meant an important change.
"I don't think you find many people in feminism who talk about being white and privileges in such a high-class way," she said.
People felt compelled to express something about the incidents.
It is characteristic of the crisis we are in and because the situation in Ferguson is so ethnicized that they have to express that.
For English professor Koritha Mitchell of Ohio State University, Ferguson brought to light problems that black American women face every day, but which are not considered "women's issues" in the cultural arena.
"I can post something funny about me and my partner on Facebook and get 150 likes from anywhere," Mitchell said.
When I post something about how colored people are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How can it be safe for women to talk about a relationship in public, but not about safety in public space?" she asked.
For black women like Mitchell, who have studied race, gender and sexuality in the history of the US, there is no dichotomy between race and gender issues.
For them, black women have not had the luxury of neatly separating the issues; they live in the combined reality every day.
While white women now link the issues of race and gender in mainstream feminist circles, Angela Hattery, professor of women and gender studies at George Mason University, says that her predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the reason was almost always the rape of a white woman," Hattery said.
White women had to be involved in the story to justify the lynching.
For Hattery, the split between white and black women came at the point where white women campaigners for women's suffrage like Susan B. Anthony analyzed the country in the late years of the 19th century and found that the fight for the right to vote could only be successful for one group at a time: Women or black people.
"They made the decision to campaign for women's suffrage, and black suffrage was to come later," Hattery said.
When you remember such things, you become powerfully aware of why colored women do not trust white women.
We didn't do our job well.
We have never helped black women protect their husbands and sons.
Even after women were given the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade before white women organized against lynching in the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group was formed almost 40 years after the original request for help from black women, says Mitchell.
For Mitchell, the flood of white feminist reactions to the issues raised by Ferguson - police behaviour, racial discrimination - is a mirror of the times when white feminists "played catch" with the problems black women have faced for generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if activists who have such traditional feminist platforms took the right to raise a child as seriously as they take the right to birth control," Mitchell asked.
Second generation feminists who built their careers on the struggle for reproductive rights and access to contraceptives are now trying to understand what this means.
The well-known white feminist activist Gloria Steinem went on Facebook two weeks after the shooting of Michael Brown and published a trenchant article by Rebecca Carroll, a columnist for the Guardian, calling for more protests from white Americans on the issue of racism.
"I hope that women who have a different but parallel reason to understand an inherent danger in the body - and opinions about race that are significantly different in public opinion polls - will lead the changes," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem stands for a more intersectional feminism that addresses both racial and gender issues, some are stunned by her comments on the race issue in America.
Christina Sommers, a researcher at the American Enterprise Institute and author of "Who Stole Feminism?" told She The People that young men in the United States, especially young coloured men, "are far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem's comments on Ferguson contradicted her earlier criticism.
There are now hundreds of special programmes for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently launched a small program, My Brother's Keeper, to help vulnerable young black and Hispanic men, there were angry reactions from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
The relationship between the police and the black community is not the only problem that is pushing itself to the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After the US Border Patrol apprehended nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors on the country's southwestern border this year, the issue of immigration reform is also coming to the surface again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chair of We Belong Together, an organization that mobilizes women for immigration reform, said that to reconsider the issue as a major women's issue, all she has to do is publish the stories of immigrant women.
"These speak for themselves," said Mercado.
When the vast majority of work visas are issued to male immigrants, the women who accompany them are in a position where they are vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories resonate with women's organisations," she said.
"Pig House" in Ipswich is for sale
The picture of a house for sale was removed by real estate agents when it became clear that it showed a big pig that had made itself comfortable in the living room.
The detached house has one bedroom, is situated on a private road in Ipswich and is offered for £120,000.
Among the details was a picture of the house's living room - which included a pig that had its head on a sofa.
Realtor Connells said the pig in the photo was the owner's pet.
"However, the photo was published by mistake and has since been removed," said a company spokeswoman.
In the exposé of the house, Connells described the former meeting house as a "unique one-bedroom family home.
Although the broker has removed the image from the website, it still appears on promotional material.
The house sale generated interest in the social media when some asked if the pig was included in the purchase price.
The SW city of Harvey is home to a new millionaire after winning the lottery
There's a lottery player from Harvey this month
The search for a new millionaire in southwestern Perth continues, with one lucky winner receiving nearly $1.1 million from Saturday's lottery draw.
A newsstand in Harvey hit the jackpot in the first division draw for the second time in five years, after $1 million in November 2009.
However, the lucky winner still has to come forward.
Shopkeeper Steve Forward said that the prize was a topic of conversation in the small town in southwestern Perth.
The town is talking about nothing else, and everyone is pretty excited.
We thought that such a gain could occur.
Eight WA winners celebrated wins in the first division last month, a fitting end to a few happy weeks for the players in the state.
Last week, a player from Canning Vale became one of August's five millionaires, after a couple from Belmont made the mega win of $7.5 million just a few weeks earlier.
The winning couple had been playing for twenty years and said that the prize would allow them to travel the world and buy a new house.
The millionaire from Harvey is the 59th winner of the first division in the WA this year, with a total of almost $85 million.
Leonidas invited to the gladiatorial arena
Not only the gladiators stood ankle-deep in the mud at the first Rheinbach Roman Day in the amusement park.
However, the event's appeal was strong enough to attract well over 1000 visitors yesterday, who braved the rain showers and autumnal cold and were completely enthralled by the historical spectacle.
There was a colourful array of representations, performances, games, exhibits and information about the time of the Romans and their significance for the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial fighting troops from the gladiator school "Amor Mortis", who used every break in the rain to demonstrate their robust fighting skills in the arena prepared with soft sand.
Gladiator owner "Leonidas" proved to be a humorous and knowledgeable presenter and sent his men one after the other into the ring for heroic duels in different gladiatorial genres.
First it was the "Provocators"' turn with a rectangular shield and short sword as well as a leg splint on the left leg and an arm splint on the right arm.
This was followed by the "Essedarii" with breast shield, short sword and throwing plant as well as iron gladiator helmet, leg and arm protection.
Especially impressive was the performance of the "Retiarius", who competed against the "Secutor" with a throwing net, trident and dagger and knocked the fellow down after a short fight.
There the swords clashed metallically, the shields rattled and the plants flew buzzing through the arena, which could make one fear and anxiety for the health of the gladiators.
But the impressive "Summa Rudis", the muscular referee, always had an attentive eye on them.
"We wanted to revive everyday Roman life and make the culture of Roman times tangible," said Lorenz Euskirchen, chairman of the organizer "Freundeskreis Römerkanal", explaining the intention behind the spectacle.
After two years of preparation, the amusement park became for one day an "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman city, as Vice Mayor Claus Wehage stated in his greeting.
After all, the Romans did not only bring war and conquest to our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings that we still admire today.
Remains of it could also be marvelled at on the occasion of the Roman Day, such as "aqueduct marble" from the eleven-metre high and 1400-metre long Roman canal bridge, which once stood near Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus company juxtaposed water and energy supply in the past and now, and Managing Director Petra Fricke knew: "We still benefit today from the knowledge of that time".
This was also confirmed by surveyor Ralph Heiliger from the "IngenieurteamZwei" from Rheinbach, who presented surveying instruments of the Romans such as Chorobat, Groma or Dioptra.
The Roman Villa in Blankenheim presented sketches and models from the excavations in 1894 as well as bricks from the original hypocaust, the hot-air heating system that once heated the Roman Villa.
Also impressive are the footprints left by wolves and foxes two millennia ago in the clay kicks before they were fired.
In 2011, the Office for the Preservation of Archaeological Monuments at the Rhineland Regional Association had excavated the remains of a Roman villa in the Gewerbepark Nord in Rheinbach.
The walls of a farm building with a kiln for drying grain and malting were found.
The building probably belonged to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural estate, explained archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser.
She presented a number of finds from these excavations in a glass showcase, including a large plate, several fine glass vessels and parts of a delicate necklace.
The villa probably existed from the first to the fourth century A.D. until the Germanic invasion of the then Roman Rhineland, Morscheiser suspects.
The children were also occupied with the Roman windmill game, similar to today's mill game, or they wrote their names on wax tablets with metal pens, just like the Roman schoolchildren of old.
At the stand of the Roman Baths Zülpich the children were allowed to lay mosaics themselves, at the stand of the Glass Museum Rheinbach they could make glass mosaics and at the stand of the Nature Centre Eifel Nettersheim they could operate a heavy wheat mill made of stone to grind the flour for a flat bread or muesli.
The visitors drove through the amusement park in a faithfully reproduced Roman touring car pulled by two cold-blooded horses and also passed the impressive stand of the Städtisches Gymnasium, which presented the results of its "Roman Project Weeks" here.
With a Roman Week from 13 to 21 September, the Wachtberg community will also be involved in the Roman Year 2014, which has been proclaimed throughout the Rhineland and is intended to commemorate the death of Emperor Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the local history and history associations as well as the Wachtberger Wander-Verein, the Partnerschaftsverein and the Laienspielkreis Oberbachem, thematic hikes, a lecture, cooking evenings as well as guided tours for school classes are offered and remind of Wachtberg's Roman past.
For example, a Roman legionnaire will talk about his work on the draughty Wachtberg, plants will be presented as living monuments from Roman times and a witty lesson in international understanding between a group of Wachtberg "Germanic tribesmen" and Romans who have moved to the area will be presented.
The Adendorf primary school dedicates a project week to the Roman theme.
With the Roman Week, the numerous traces of the Romans in Wachtberg, which are often no longer visible at first glance, are to be made tangible again.
A small presentation in the Wachtberg town hall will commemorate the discovery of the Berkum Matron Shrine in 1879.
Ebola: Epidemic burdens West Africa's economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a severe blow to the economy.
Markets are orphaned - and international companies keep their distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic dealt a severe blow to the economy of West Africa.
The harvest rots in the fields, the mines are abandoned and the markets deserted - the virus has severely affected the region.
Even some international companies are already distancing themselves.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economic one," says Donald Kaberuka, head of the African Development Bank.
Liberia is hardest hit
"It is a total disaster, we are losing a lot of money," says Alhaji Bamogo, who sells clothes at the second largest market in Liberia's capital Monrovia.
Only those who want to buy food or something to disinfect against Ebola are allowed on the market.
Liberia has been hit hardest by the virus, with more than 600 people killed by the fever in this country alone.
Recently, the health authorities declared that the disease had spread to every corner of the country.
The virus has also spread in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
In total, more than 1500 people have already died, and thousands more have been infected.
Foreign companies are withdrawing employees
Everywhere in the resource-rich countries, companies are suspending their operations.
Foreign companies such as the steel group Arcelor Mittal are withdrawing their employees, and several international airlines are no longer flying to the affected regions.
Local traders and farmers are also reacting: Only few merchants still leave their home towns to get supplies.
In some areas in Sierra Leone and Liberia, which are under quarantine, cocoa and coffee beans, which are important for export, are rotting in the fields.
The farmers do not dare to leave their homes for the harvest.
Food is becoming scarce
"People will travel less and less," says Phillipe De Vreyer, Parisian expert on the economy of West Africa.
The man, for example, who normally goes to the market and sells his vegetables, prefers to stay at home.
The population is therefore feeling the consequences of the epidemic directly and urgently: food is becoming scarce.
Stocks of staple foods such as rice are dwindling in the markets.
At the same time, the region, which is heavily dependent on international companies, is threatened with damage to its image - with far-reaching consequences.
The greatest danger is that international companies will avoid the area for a long time, says Philippe Hugon from the French think tank Iris.
The decisive factor is how far and how long the virus will continue to spread.
Investors could get the impression "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and therefore to invest", warns Hugon.
The disease also burdens the strained national budgets of the states
The disease is also a burden on the already strained national budgets of the affected states.
The rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets will be severely strained by high spending on the health care system and additionally by the deteriorating economy.
The African Development Bank has already promised to help the health systems of the countries concerned with 60 million dollars (45 million euros).
The effects are also already noticeable in Nigeria, where only a few cases of Ebola have been diagnosed so far.
It is true that the oil-rich region in the southern Niger Delta has not been affected so far.
But elsewhere, many people are already staying at home for fear of infection.
Reservations in hotels are also declining significantly.
Shooters celebrate their 50th anniversary
The shooting club "Tannenwald" Berngau celebrates its 50th anniversary from September 12 to 14.
Preparations are in full swing at the Tannenwald Shooting Club for the 50th anniversary celebrations from 12 to 14 September.
A big entertainment evening with the group "Dorfrocker" is planned for Friday, September 12.
On saturday at 6pm is the big firecracker shooting.
Afterwards, there will be an atmospheric evening with the "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam" in the large marquee.
Brass band provides the music
Highlights on Sunday are the festive service and 9.30 am in the parish church and the big procession at 2 pm.
In the afternoon there is also the prize giving of the federal and Gaussian shooting.
A particularly beautiful sight will be the 25 festival ladies with their dirndls.
The festival band is the brass band Berngau.
Mayor Wolfgang Wild and State Secretary Albert Füracker have taken over the patronage.
The original name "Schützengesellschaft Tannenwald Berngau" dates back to 1907, when the association for "social entertainment by means of practice in room nozzle and small bore shooting" was founded on 21 March.
In 1937, the Nazi regime had initiated the dissolution of the association.
It was not until 1964 that 19 young men came together again, who on 30 April in Gasthaus Lukas launched the "new" shooting club "Tannenwald" Berngau.
Karl März and Adolf Ried led the club as master shooters through a difficult initial period, in which the main task was to find a clubhouse and install the shooting equipment.
As early as autumn 1965 the shooting club started in the "Leininger" inn with two teams in the round competitions.
In the following years, the sport shooters, who were now organized in seven teams, established themselves in all classes up to the 1st Gauliga.
The club records tumbled every year and the magic limit of 380 rings was first reached by Rudi Meier in 1980.
Just as the performance of active shooters has increased, so has the number of members.
After the clubhouse "Leininger" no longer met the requirements of a modern shooting club, the then board of directors under the leadership of Johann Rinn decided to create a future domicile in the cellar rooms of the new "Landgasthof Härteis".
After 2700 hours of work, on May 8, 1988, Pastor Strasser gave the church blessing for the new rifle ranges.
One of the great highlights in the history of the club was certainly the 44th Gauschießen, combined with the ceremonial consecration of the new marksman flag in July 1991.
On April 23 and 24, 1994 the shooting club celebrated its 30th anniversary.
In 1995 a banger group was founded.
Josef Schmalzl became a boeller referent.
A big challenge for the "boellerer" and for the association as a whole was the organisation of the Bavarian boeller meeting 2005.
In many hours of voluntary work, the club members modernised the rooms and the shooting range in the Berngauer Hof last year, bringing them up to the latest state of the art.
Eleven teams in lap competitions
The sporting achievements of the shooting club can also be seen.
A total of eleven teams are currently participating in the round robin competitions: six air rifle teams, one air pistol team, one KK1 sport pistol team, one youth team and two AH teams.
The 1st team with Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann has moved up from the Gauoberliga (highest league in the Schützengau ANB) to the Bezirksliga 1 in the 2013/14 round.
The 2nd team with Verena Moosburger Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml has moved up from the Gauliga Nord to the Gauoberliga.
In addition to the shooting sport, events such as buck shooting, carnival and king's ball, club outings and Christmas parties have a long tradition.
The marksmen are also present at the festivals in the parish and community.
Tony Stewart suffers accident on return to the track
Tony Stewart's return to the track ended about halfway through his race at the Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tyre burst on lap 172 and ended his evening.
Stewart drove his damaged car into the garage and left it without talking to journalists.
His team boss Chad Johnston said his 14-man team was disappointed, but is now focusing on next weekend's race in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we had had a better effort and a better result for him," Johnston said.
We are going to Richmond and hope that we can do better there.
Stewart drove into a wall earlier in the race on Sunday evening after a collision with Kyle Busch and had to have the right side of his car repaired.
"I went in today with fairly good hopes of a good result," Johnston said, adding, "It just didn't work out."
Not long after the second accident, Stewart's car was loaded into the tractor and the team was packed and ready to go.
Stewart dropped out of three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car hit and killed another driver in a cinder track race in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week and win either in Atlanta or at the next race in Richmond to gain a place in the pursuit.
He returned to his workplace while an investigation is underway into the tragic incident that led to the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr. He had stepped onto the road during a race to confront Stewart.
The authorities announced on Friday that the investigations into the cause of the accident will continue for at least two weeks.
No decision has yet been made as to whether Stewart should face charges.
The three-time champion was received with great applause when he was introduced before the race.
After a start at 12th position, Stewart had advanced into the top 10 shortly after and was temporarily on fourth position.
After a restart on lap 122, Bush's
Car no. 18 out of control after the exit of curve 2 and collided with Stewart, both cars hit the wall.
Stewart continued, but fell back to position 21.
Young dancers wanted
Just try it out: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and director Lisa Neitzel (from the left) are looking forward to welcoming their comrades-in-arms.
Like many other clubs, the jazz groups on TV Jahn are also having a hard time with all-day classes in secondary schools.
After the summer holidays, some groups have decimated.
Now the search is on for new blood for a sport that is healthy and great fun.
There are only nine children left in the two jazz and modern dance groups of Lisa Neitzel, former dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation "Spirits".
"Three in the group of eight to twelve-year-olds, six in the group of twelve to 15-year-olds," says the 20-year-old.
With more active people, the whole thing would be much more fun, "you could dance completely different choreographies," she says.
Those who feel like dancing can join the training session on Thursdays between 5 and 6 p.m. or on Fridays between 5 and 6.30 p.m. in the dance hall at the former Hotel Meyer, Freistraße 9, without obligation.
"Training starts regularly with a warm-up program," says the trainer.
Afterwards different choreographies are rehearsed.
JazzDance has the characteristic that there is no fixed form and is therefore open to many styles.
Elements from folklore and classical music to sport and acrobatics are used in jazz dance.
Of course the sociability does not come too briefly.
"We also go out to eat, watch dance films and we have also stayed overnight in the dance room," reports Lisa Neitzel.
In a group you can make friends, share a wonderful hobby and do a lot for your own motor development.
If jazz dance is not your cup of tea, you can also take a look at one of the other offers of TV Jahn.
Children and teenagers can join the classes every Wednesday in the areas of children's dance/jazz dance, bambini ballet, video clip dancing and hip-hop.
The dance coach is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to the dance evenings on Monday and Wednesday.
Anyone who feels like disco fox, slow waltz, Viennese waltz, rumba, cha-cha-cha and tango can drop by and join in.
Bulgarian prison wardens protest nationwide
Hundreds of prison employees from all over Bulgaria organised a nationwide protest in front of the Ministry of Justice in the capital Sofia.
In the peaceful demonstration they repeated their demands for the restoration of their old working conditions, which have recently been changed.
Higher salaries are also on a list of demands to be discussed with interim justice minister Hristo Ivanov.
Officials have been symbolically protesting against the new working hours for a month, demanding a return to the former 24-hour shifts.
Despite meetings between the prison workers' union and representatives of the Ministry of Justice, no agreement was reached, reported the Bulgarian National Council (BNR).
Negotiations are continuing, the Director General for the implementation of punitive measures, Rosen Zhelyazkov told the BNR.
The protest of the prison workers is expected to be supported by members of the union Association of Employees of the Ministry of the Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned Luhansk airport
In eastern Ukraine, the pro-Russian fighters are still on the advance.
After heavy fighting, in which Russian tank battalions were allegedly also involved, the Ukrainian army today, Monday, abandoned the airport of the rebel stronghold Luhansk.
At the same time the army announced that seven soldiers had been killed in the past 24 hours.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko had previously drawn personal consequences from the heavy defeats of his army in the fight against the separatists and announced changes in the top army leadership without giving details.
Prorussian separatists shot down plane
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops, pro-Russian separatists have, according to their own account, shot down another fighter plane and two military helicopters.
In addition, about 100 soldiers were injured or killed in battles in the Donetsk region, the insurgents reported on Monday according to Russian agencies.
Coast Guard ships sunk
The insurgents also claimed to have sunk two boats of the Ukrainian coast guard for the first time in the Sea of Azov.
The Ukrainian Border Guard confirmed that two of its ships came under fire on Sunday near the port of Mariupol.
Seven border guards were injured, a spokesman in Kiev told the radio station 112.ua.
Two crew members were reported missing.
Local media blamed Russia for the incident.
The separatists also reported that they had taken control of several villages in the Donetsk region.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
The Ukraine-Contact Group is meeting today in the Belarusian capital Minsk.
In addition to representatives of Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE, an envoy of the separatists from eastern Ukraine was also to take part.
In the run-up to the event, all actors used their appearances to publicly announce their demands.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break its agreement with Russia by the planned stationing in Eastern Europe as a result of the Ukraine crisis.
NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said on Monday in Brussels that NATO is sticking to the founding agreement of the NATO-Russia Council of 1997.
However, the NATO chief accused Russia of "a blatant breach" of the agreement.
"Today we have to face the reality that Russia does not consider NATO as a partner," said Rasmussen.
From documents and statements from the Russian side it was clear "that they consider us as opponents".
Stronger NATO presence
Rasmussen has also announced that he wants to strengthen the NATO presence in Eastern Europe.
A "Readiness Action Plan" to be adopted at the NATO summit in Wales will ensure that "we will have a more visible NATO presence in the East for as long as is necessary," Rasmussen said in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow agree on new gas talks
According to official sources, Russia and Ukraine have agreed on new talks to settle their gas dispute.
The negotiations are scheduled for next Saturday, Russian Energy Minister Alexander Nowak said on Monday.
He said that the European Union was still waiting for a decision as to whether it would also send a representative to the talks.
Because of the dispute over the price of gas, Ukraine has not been getting fuel from Russia for weeks.
Most recently, EU Energy Commissioner Günther Oettinger mediated between the two sides.
Ukraine had warned that Russia could also cut off gas supplies to Europe.
Europe obtains about one third of its natural gas from Russian sources, a large part of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel puts her foot down: Tolls will be "quite clear
Now the Chancellor has made a clear commitment once again.
But it is not a carte blanche for all the complicated details.
Stubborn reservations from the CDU against the car toll have made the CSU increasingly angry.
After continuing resistance from her CDU, Chancellor Angela Merkel has put her foot down for the introduction of a car toll.
"To make it quite clear: it is in the coalition agreement, and it will come," said the party leader on Monday after meetings of the CDU top committees in Berlin.
However, Merkel did not commit herself to a detailed model for the time being.
In the black-red government program, "certain parameters" are mentioned.
Federal Transportation Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) has "made a proposal, and work is now continuing on it".
However, the NRW CDU insists on its no to a toll on all roads.
Merkel stressed that Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU) was also playing a constructive role in the consultations for a draft law.
Beyond this topic, he also talked with Dobrindt about further possibilities to activate more private capital for investments in infrastructure, for example in broadband expansion.
"There's nothing special about it." On Sunday, Schäuble had left a "Spiegel" report uncommented that his company was examining its own concept for compensating motorway investors with toll revenues - after the 2017 elections.
CSU leader Horst Seehofer then warned against developing toll concepts against the leading minister in the cabinet.
CDU vice chairman Armin Laschet confirmed his objections.
"The coalition agreement never assumed that all district and federal roads would be toll roads," said the North Rhine-Westphalian CDU state chairman.
In this respect, it is an important signal that Seehofer has now announced that he will speak about this topic again.
Resistance to the plans is also coming from the CDU state associations of Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
The background to this is the fear that a toll would affect local border traffic with neighbouring countries.
Seehofer had demanded loyalty to the coalition because of the criticism of the toll from CDU members.
The Left sees the plans as failed in view of the dispute within the Union.
"The Murks toll is dead", party leader Bernd Riexinger told the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" (Monday).
"Minister fails with tolls". Dobrindt wants to introduce a vignette requirement on all German roads, which is to start in 2016.
According to the coalition agreement, however, domestic car owners may not be subjected to additional burdens.
Therefore, they should receive full compensation for the toll through the vehicle tax.
However, according to EU law, the model may not discriminate against foreign drivers on the basis of their nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
One British woman says she thought she would die as a result of a misdiagnosis over many years.
Karin Rodgers lived almost her entire youth in the belief that she had only a few years to live after being diagnosed with another disease.
She actually suffered from Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spinal cord.
Charity CMT UK said that misdiagnosis is a common problem for people with CMT because so little is known about the disease.
Approximately 23,000 people in the UK are believed to suffer from CMT, which can lead to motor disorders such as muscle weakness, unsteady gait and bent toes.
Patients also suffer from numbness or pain. The disease is incurable and progressive, which means that the symptoms get worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13, she believed that she suffered from Friedreich's Ataxia (FA), a disease with very poor survival chances.
Rodgers thought she would be in a wheelchair before she turned 18 and die before her 30th birthday.
The mother of two children, now 51 years old, said: "As a child, I knew that I could not do the same thing as the others.
I kept falling down and everything took longer with me.
I could never roller-skate or skateboard with the other children and was often teased at school about the way I walked and skated.
Rodgers said that at the age of 13, after several operations to relieve her Achilles tendon and stretch her feet, she looked at her medical records when her doctor left the room and read that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I was curious, so I didn't tell anyone, but I went home, looked for the disease in the library and wrote to the FA Society," she said.
When I received an answer, I was shocked and panicked terribly.
I thought that I would be in a wheelchair at 18 and die at 25, and in between slowly losing all my abilities.
I went through all this alone with myself and planned my own funeral.
She said that when she turned 17, she realized that her abilities had not decreased as much as she had imagined and consulted her doctor.
He just stood up and hugged me and said, "my dear, I don't think you have, or you'd be in a wheelchair by now."
I think you have something far less life-threatening.
After some genetic tests she was diagnosed with CMT.
"When he explained to me what CMT was, I felt like a winner," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched a CMT awareness month to raise awareness of this disease.
Former staff sergeant Berni Diether has been working as a fireworker since the closure of the former military training area
For almost ten years, there has been no shooting on the former military training area in Münsingen.
Nevertheless, lethal ammunition still appears every month in the heart of the Swabian Alb biosphere reserve.
Sometimes the grenades are still so dangerous that they have to be blown up on the spot.
A deafening bang echoes over the heart of the biosphere reserve during the explosions.
In December 2004, the last live shot was fired at the Münsingen military training area, which was closed at the end of 2005 after 110 years of military operation.
Since that time, the 6500 hectare area has been the core of the Swabian Alb biosphere reserve, which is open to hikers and cyclists on 13 marked trails.
Tax burden of businessmen in the Washington area increases with economic recovery
An economic recovery means more customers, more sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax assessments for companies in the country rose slightly last year as the economic recovery accelerated, according to a newly released study last week, and companies in the Washington area were no exception.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia area collectively paid $27.6 billion to state and local governments in fiscal 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent from the $26.6 billion in 2012.
The state and local corporate tax burden increased by 4.3 percent to $671 billion last year, compared to 3.9 percent the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after several years of declining tax assessments in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes rose more than local taxes, by 4.3 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by the service agency Ernst & Young with the Center for State Taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the district's tax revenue, 56 percent, comes from corporate taxes, while 36 percent of Maryland's revenue comes from businesses.
Virginia generates the lowest tax revenue from companies, at 28 percent.
Much of the increase in tax revenues is due to a recovery in corporate real estate values, the researchers say, leading to a 3.7 percent increase in real estate taxes this year after three consecutive years of growth rates of less than 1 percent.
While a large part of these profits came from large states such as California, New York and Texas, the process also seems to apply to the Washington area.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia together paid over $10 billion in state and local real estate taxes last year, compared to $9.6 billion in 2012 - a 4.2 percent increase over the course of a year.
But the apparent recovery in real estate values is not as effective in increasing state and local tax revenues in Maryland, where real estate taxes account for just over one-fifth of corporate tax returns.
Companies in Virginia and D.C. pay almost half of their state and local taxes in the form of real estate taxes.
"Here's what's happening in Maryland: a large percentage of real estate, particularly in the tax zone around D.C., is either owned by the government or by non-profit organizations that don't pay real estate taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the Center on State Taxation.
Maryland is therefore forced to rely much more on income taxes, for example, to provide the same services that other states offer.
The recent recovery in corporate tax revenues cannot be attributed solely to the recovery in the real estate market
Corporate revenues also appear to be recovering, according to the data.
Companies in the region reported income taxes paid to government organizations of $2.3 billion compared to $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland raised $1 billion in corporate income taxes, the highest in the region.
While the trend is in the same direction, the local tax burden for companies is not increasing equally in all three places.
The rate of increase in the district was 4.3 percent, in line with the national average, while the increase in Maryland was much higher, 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia reported below-average tax revenues of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has by far the lowest corporate income tax rates, at 6 percent in all three offices (all three have fixed corporate tax rates).
The corporate tax rate is 8.25 percent in Maryland and a relatively high 9.975 percent in the district.
A similar study by the US Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that Virginia has lower state and local corporate taxes and a better overall tax climate than Maryland.
In the study the district was not examined.
Despite its advantages, Virginia is under pressure from its southern neighbor.
North Carolina has passed legislation to lower its corporate tax rates this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, the same rate as Virginia, and the rate will drop to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues to meet its income targets in the coming year, this law could reduce the state's corporate income tax rate to 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small businesses in the Washington area seem to be doing better, and therefore paying more state and local taxes, according to the latest study.
Corporate taxes paid as personal income taxes by small businessmen - a transitional structure under which most small businesses are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia rose 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, a much faster growth rate than corporate taxes overall.
The researchers say that the trend and increase in corporate taxes across the country is likely to continue this year, with a 6.2 percent increase in overall additional tax revenues for the state and local governments in the first three quarters of 2014 compared to the same period last year.
Nevertheless, the Washington area could lag behind if the federal government's spending cuts affect the region's labor market.
Twin city: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - a popular combination also in China.
German beer enjoys an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's twin city in China now wants a brewery and is also hoping for a direct flight connection between the two cities.
German beer, brewed in Frankfurt's twin city Guangzhou - this is the urgent wish of the officials in China.
"We would be very happy if a German brewery were to settle in our city," said the vice party secretary of the southern Chinese metropolis, Li Yiwei, during a visit of an SPD delegation to his city this week.
Time and again during the course of the conversation, the functionary of the ruling Communist Party of China returned to this concern of the twelve million metropolis.
Guangzhou, which is also called Kanton in Germany, is one of the richest cities in China, Li advertised.
This is why people have the purchasing power to be able to afford German beer.
Hessian SPD leader Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who led the German political delegation, promised the host that he would look around in Germany for a possible partner for the project.
"It doesn't take much for beer: good water, grain and joie de vivre," he added at a lunch with the party leader in Guangzhou.
Mr. Li already radiated this joy of life, he flattered the host.
Thereupon the functionary from Guangzhou toasted with Schäfer-Gümbel - but with red wine, which was served with the meal.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao goes back to the German art of brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German Purity Law.
More business traffic
A second wish of the Chinese hosts would be a direct flight connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, said Vice-Party Leader Li.
Lufthansa had offered the flight earlier, but cancelled it in 2012 for economic reasons.
"It would be worth it again," the local politician was convinced.
"Business traffic between our two cities continues to grow."
Currently, travelers must take the detour via Changsha in Hunan Province, Li complained.
The administration of Guangdong province, whose capital is Guangzhou, is also hoping for the flight connection.
The vice governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, emphasized this wish during his talks with the Social Democrats.
"That's a very good idea," Schäfer-Gümbel replied - Chinese Vice Minister Li Jinjun, an intimate connoisseur of Germany, nodded in agreement.
Cultivated partnership
The affable deputy party leader of Guangzhou hopes to visit Frankfurt next year for a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei was already on the Main, but not yet in this function.
He only came into office this year after his predecessor was promoted from office on corruption charges.
The local party leader Wan Qinglian also had to leave.
The action against Guangzhou officials is part of a nationwide campaign against corruption in the party and administration, which is being vigorously pursued by head of state Xi Jinping.
The new top politician Li Yiwei had worked for an American company before his party career, which is highly unusual in the Chinese Communist Party.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he was a top functionary in Fujian, where the car manufacturer VW is building a large plant.
Frankfurt has officially entered into more than a dozen city partnerships.
The connection to Guangzhou, 9000 kilometres away, is one of those that is maintained by both sides, for example through a student exchange.
Last year the 25th anniversary of the German-Chinese connection was celebrated.
With its economic power, the southern Chinese metropolis on the Pearl River is almost as strong as the whole of Hessen.
Next year, it wants to achieve a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, Li reported.
Family of Joan Rivers "cross your fingers"
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since being admitted to a New York City hospital three days ago, but her daughter today expressed hope that the 81-year-old comedian will recover from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We're all crossing our fingers.
Her mother was admitted to Mount Sinai Hospital on Thursday after a cardiac arrest emergency at an Upper East Side clinic, Yorkville Endoscopy, according to sources.
The doctors keep them deliberately sedated and under close observation until they are more satisfied with their condition, which continues to be described as "serious".
Reactions came from many sides, including overwhelming online support from Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and rising wages
Stricter environmental standards will apply in future to cars and vacuum cleaners, which will be on sale from today.
Similar to refrigerators and washing machines, from 1 September new vacuum cleaners will have a label on which the buyer can see at a glance key data such as the energy efficiency of the appliance.
Stricter nitrogen oxide values apply to new cars in the "Euro 6" emissions class.
There is also more money for the scaffolders: they receive a nationwide uniform minimum wage of 10.25 euros.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
AMAZON has just confirmed what Information reported on Monday morning: the online retailer - and video producer, and a host of other things - is buying the video streaming service Twitch for $1.04 billion ($970 million).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one expected Twitch to be acquired, but because it was widely believed that YouTube would acquire the company.
Three months ago it looked like the sale of Twitch to Google's video service for a cool billion was a done deal, and the collaboration seemed natural.
Twitch, which was founded only three years ago as Justin.tv, was launched as a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for players who wanted to publish their bravura in games, a "YouTube for live games," according to an insider.
The Twitch interface.
And "let's play", a video genre in which know-it-alls give the (mostly older) games a touch of secret science theatre, is already very popular on YouTube.
It's just that YouTube is often mentioned when trying to describe Twitch, so the news that YouTube was going to buy Twitch was received somewhat bored, a textbook example of an established engineering company buying up a potential competitor.
It's a mystery why the deal with YouTube didn't happen, as the company was reportedly willing to pay as much as Amazon.
All we know about it right now is this statement from Emmet Shear, president of Twitch: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us get there faster.
Another secret is, quite honestly, the incredible success of Twitch.
For snobs like me, who say they prefer to play sports rather than watch, it's hard to understand the attraction of watching others play instead of taking control of the console.
It's one thing to look over a friend's shoulder at 3 a.m. as she sneaks through Resident Evil, and it's quite another to watch a wacko get shot in the head 20 times in a row in Call of Duty.
You could be watching all these games right now.
Another problem is that many of the most popular games today are first-person games, so watching them without any control over your perspective can be a really good recipe for headaches.
I admit that the fast-paced games in which the Roger Bannisters of our electronic age complete entire games in record time are entertaining.
But as long as there isn't a game or humor virtuoso involved, his twitch channel probably isn't that interesting.
But what do skeptics like me know about it?
Twitch is accessed by 55 million different visitors per month and is the fourth largest source of Internet traffic peaks.
And how exactly does Amazon want to make money out of this?
It's hard to imagine Twitch being integrated into Amazon Instant Video as elegantly as YouTube could have easily swallowed Twitch.
But Twitch has something that every company would like to have: thousands of young men who are courted as advertisers.
As the chairman of Twitch, Shear, said, Amazon and Twitch "both believe in the future of gaming," and the medium shows no signs of shrinkage, not even - gulp - as a spectator sport.
There was a lot going on at the bouncy castle at the Burggartenfest on Saturday.
The concept of the organizers was right.
Despite the heavy downpour on Saturday evening, an estimated 1200 music fans came to the open-air festival in the Burggarten.
At times the entrance had to be stopped.
"That was annoying," said Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel l light and fun.
From two Spanish words Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem have formed the name Amula.
Because the open air in the Salzwedeler Burggarten is supposed to radiate brightness during the day and in the evening through various shows.
Well, the fun will come naturally anyway.
This was already evident early on Saturday when the first visitors set out for the open air.
The organizers had promised a festival for all generations.
And they succeeded.
Around the supply stands on the Burggartenwiese, Salzwedeler, but also guests from the near and far surroundings had made themselves comfortable.
They watched the first live performances, swayed their feet in time, enjoyed cool drinks - in short: pure relaxation and enjoyment were the order of the day.
And that across the generations.
While some were lounging on blankets on the white sand at the beach bar, others were enjoying a quarter of a glass of wine in the vinotheque, the youngsters raved on the bouncy castle, which was a great attraction for the smaller guests.
But also when it came to the make-up of the children, the volunteers had their hands full in the truest sense of the word to cope with the crowd and to conjure imaginative creations into the little faces.
The bigger ones used the foosball tables or took part in a skateboard workshop, which was organized by the Goodfoot crew from Salzwedel.
Until the big rain came.
Shortly before 17.30 o'clock it pelted down on the visitors, especially families were looking for the distance and dryness.
But this did not detract from the attractiveness of the festival.
"More people came than expected," said Ron Sem, who spoke of a "success all down the line.
Therefore, nothing stands in the way of a repeat of the big party next year.
Although the content and size of the event still need to be worked on, Sem made it clear to the Volksstimme in a first review on Sunday.
He described as annoying that in the meantime the admission had to be stopped.
Apparently the security company had been booked with too few staff.
As a result, some of those who had already paid did not come back to the site.
The response had been very good.
In a first cautious estimate, the Salzwedel co-organizer spoke of about 1200 visitors who cavorted in the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound engineering.
The Salzwedeler Hip-Hop band Blocks`n`Rox broke off their appearance therefore unnerved.
The technicians were not able to create a halfway reasonable sound.
The planned shisha lounges could not be set up because the tents could not be brought to Salzwedel due to a flat tire.
"But next year they will be there," says the organizer.
The premiere of the Amula Open-Air was more than successful in terms of visitor numbers.
And in bad weather.
However, the organizers have made some mistakes, which will be forgiven the first time, but will have to be corrected in the second edition.
The social network Facebook also has to take criticism.
"Sorry, but for twelve euros you simply expected more," Melanie Meier comments on the events page.
"I'm afraid you're a bit over your heads," says Ele Zimmermann at the same point.
Others do not see the initial problems quite so closely.
I think it's very good that some people don't just talk stupid, but really try to get something going.
Hats off!", Stephanie Jenß writes to the Amula.
The organisers now have one year to remedy these criticisms.
New radome in Berkum: Wachtberg's landmark shrinks
As expected, this is not the case.
Rather, the component lying ready is waiting to be inserted into the striking structure.
The action is part of a larger project: almost 50 years after the installation of the TIRA space observation radar, the shell, the so-called radome, is being completely renewed.
With a diameter of 47.5 metres, the new radome will be slightly smaller than the old one.
But the size still remains a world record.
The last step to complete the new cover is the cap replacement
The upper quarter of the old shell is cut off and removed with a crane.
Then the last quarter of the new cover is put on.
Provided the weather is good, the action should take place at the beginning of this week.
Participant in the Ice Bucket Challenge dislocates her jaw
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screamed so much when her ice-cold water was poured over her head that it damaged the bone structure of her face.
This Ice Bucket Challenge went painfully wrong.
A woman was hospitalized after she screamed so much during the Ice Bucket Challenge that she dislocated her jaw.
Isabelle Roberts from Great Britain screamed so much when her ice-cold water was poured over her head that it injured the structure of her face.
"The water was so cold that I screamed, and while I was doing that, my jaw just stopped," she told The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old.
Isabelle Roberts a few seconds before the accident
I wanted to close my mouth, but I couldn't, my jaw was stuck, and then I understood that something was wrong.
My mother and sister saw that too and almost wet their pants laughing, but I had to go to the emergency room.
The 20-year-old from the UK was hospitalized to have her jaw set back after participating in the viral trend on Tuesday.
The clip became an internet sensation and was linked a thousand times on Facebook and Twitter.
Will the castle clubs soon be working together again?
In the end, there was always a dispute between the two Wolfratshaus Castle Associations.
Now the management boards are thinking about a possible cooperation.
The late Richard Dimbath, former chairman of the Wolfratshauser Burgfreunde, cited the project in Guédelon, France, as a model for the reconstruction of Wolfratshaus Castle.
Only a year ago there was no good climate between the Burgverein and the Burgfreunde Wolfratshausen.
Up to now, the positions on how to deal with the history of the Wolfratshaus castle and a possible reconstruction seemed to be very different.
Now the two camps are moving towards each other: talks on a joint approach are to be held soon.
This is confirmed by the association's board members Torsten Sjöberg (Burgverein) and Herbert Piffl (Burgfreunde) in response to a request from our newspaper.
"I called Mr. Piffl and suggested that we could get together sometime," reports Sjöberg.
In his opinion, all members of both associations could pull together again in the future.
This is how visible successes can be achieved more quickly.
While the castle's friends around the suddenly deceased Richard Dimbath had until the end of their lives in mind to rebuild the castle on the mountain forest, the castle association around Sjöberg put the "opening up and making the area accessible" at the forefront of their concerns.
Herbert Piffl, second chairman of the Friends of the Castle, said he was very pleased about the call.
Since Dimbath's death he has been the head of the Castle Friends.
A new chairman is to be found at a general meeting in mid-September.
According to the 74-year-old, the association currently has around 40 members.
"After the death of my friend Richard Dimbath, we have, out of respect, initially suspended the activities of the association". This "thinking phase" was necessary in order to "consider how things could go on".
According to Piffl, the new chairman should then go into the conversation with the Burgverein.
Until then the friends of the castle could also get a current mood within their grouping.
There is currently no candidate for the presidency, says Piffl.
"But I'm confident that someone will come along." He himself does not want to run for office because he lives in Bad Tölz.
The new chairman should be a Wolfratshauser.
The Tölzer would like to "but very much like to continue working on the project".
In Piffl's eyes, the different points of view regarding reconstruction will probably continue to exist in the near future.
He pays tribute to Dimbath as a "missionary" who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar, already well advanced projects in Austria and France would show that this idea is not a pipe dream.
The high level of participation by the local population and volunteers from all over the world make them a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "I too was sceptical at the beginning.
But in the course of time I have become more and more convinced that it makes sense to push the project forward". A "unique selling point" could be created for the rafting town.
There's nothing else here.
The project could also be financed by EU grants, visitor tickets and potential sponsors, Piffl believes.
"Personally, I don't want to throw the idea of reconstruction overboard for this reason. He hopes that the Burgverein will perhaps make some progress in this respect.
Their goal of first documenting the story "is important and good".
After that one could look further.
Clever ways to save on university textbooks
Since the cost of university textbooks is more than $1,000 per year for many students, almost two-semester student Matt Schroeder came up with a clever savings idea.
He invented a loan system for books from students in higher semesters and offered nominal compensation to delay the resale.
"My math book usually costs $180, but I got it for $10 for a semester and a Chick-fil-A cookie," said Schroeder, 19, who attends Covenant College in Georgia.
The books needed for the last semester cost him $430, he said.
He spent $120.
The college administration said that students spend an average of more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and study materials, but that there are several cost-containment options for students.
Online shops and creative approaches like the Schroeders are increasingly the solution of choice for students.
Textbook rentals are becoming more popular, allowing students to use a book for a semester, often at a much lower price than when they bought it.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 university bookstores, reported that textbook rentals have doubled since 2011.
Industry surveys show that about a quarter of the books in college bookstores were rented last spring semester, said Neebos vice president Tevor Meyer.
Less than half of all textbooks are bought in campus bookstores, according to the trade association National Association of College Stores.
Here is the multiplication table for the best deals.
Buy online
Some new books cost only a third of the price of those available in the Campus bookshop.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" vno Ron Larwon, Bruce Edwards and Robert Hostetler costs almost $290, but can be purchased from specialized textbook retailer Chegg.com for $239.99.
Buy used
If you don't mind the notes of others or normal traces of use, used books are a good option.
"Calculus" is available on Chegg.com for $93.49.
Matt Casaday, 25, a graduate student at Brigham Young University, says he spent 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used copy of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book sold new for $48.
Academics such as Ingrid Bracey, head of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst College Without Walls, recommended that students ask their professors whether previous editions were permissible.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant for the seminar papers.
In such cases, older editions can often be purchased for a fraction of the cost of the latest edition.
Besides Chegg and Amazon, Half.com from eBay Inc is a popular alternative for used books.
Rents
Hiring textbooks is worth considering if you treat them reasonably well, remember to return them and you do not want to keep the books after the course is over.
You can save more than 80 percent of the cost of a newly purchased book.
For example, a student could rent "Calculus" for the duration of a semester for about $20.
Find out about the terms and conditions of the shop where you are renting from, including any penalties you may incur for writing notes, underlining or showing signs of use.
Tenants beware: If you do not return the book, the penalties may even exceed the price of a new book.
e-books
E-books instead of conventional textbooks are also an option.
Sometimes these books are rented de facto by providing an electronic license for a certain period of time from wholesalers such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc.
You can rent "Calculus" from Chegg for 6 months for about $61.
Bracey says that students in literature courses often find the best deals because many classics can be downloaded for free today, while science and engineering textbooks can be very expensive.
Look around anyway.
Joe Gault, 29, who will soon be attending Pepperdine Law School, recommends using the ISBN number to determine the price of books, as this way you can be sure to find the right textbook.
And before ordering online, according to Gault, one should check whether the book is actually in stock.
He learned that lesson the hard way.
He bought a book that had a four week delivery time and eventually paid full price at the college bookstore.
Why "Guardians of the Galaxy" did not become a box-office hit
"The Expendables 3" by Sylvester Stallone brought in less than $30 million of its $90 million budget in the US, while "Sin City: A Dame to Kill For" brought in only $12 million of its $70 million budget.
The film "Sex Tape", which was tailored to Cameron Diaz, only earned 14.6 million dollars on the opening weekend, while children's films such as "Taming Dragons Made Easy 2" also disappoint in terms of revenues.
An article by Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin suggests that the lack of quality in the children's films could be the reason for this.
Collin described 2014 as "the worst year" yet for children's films and described "Taming Dragons Made Easy 2" as a purely "functional" fantasy sequel.
However, for films for a slightly older target group, it seems that the quality of the films is not necessarily the problem.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic ratings for each summer movie release shown on at least 2,000 screens between Memorial Day and July 20, 2013 and in the current year.
The results are based on the opinions of cinema audiences and film critics and indicate that this year's film hits are on a par with those of last year.
Some commentators believe that this development is due to changing viewing habits and the growing popularity of web streaming services like Netflix.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's upcoming Jungle Book movie, told the Hollywood Reporter website: "I think times are changing.
We must accept this and not try to chase after the past.
In contrast to the current weak box office results of Hollywood productions, Netflix recently generated $1.2 billion in streaming content sales, almost twice as much as last year when sales were $837 million.
Last summer, director Steven Spielberg criticized the film studios for focusing too much on film adaptations of comics and predicted a "meltdown" of Hollywood.
In the light of the current downturn, some commentators argue that his gloomy prophecy may well contain a kernel of truth.
However, other representatives of the film industry are more optimistic due to the potential box office hits expected in summer 2015, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World:
X-Men producer Simon Kinberg recently described the decline in box office results as simply "cyclical" and told Hollywood reporters: "Next summer will be the biggest summer ever at the box office, and no one will worry about business anymore.
When some years ago the 2nd table tennis district class was cancelled in order to streamline the league division, this was a step in the right direction.
Now the German Table Tennis Federation has added an additional 3rd Bundesliga to its programme.
The consequence: Those who have not ascended have dismounted.
Thus, Göttingen's class-highest team Torpedo has avoided relegation in the Oberliga delegation, but will only play in fifth place next season.
Torpedos ladies remain fourth class, despite their magnificent march through to the regional league.
The boys and girls of Torpedo start in the Niedersachsenliga as well as the boys of SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and the Torpedo Reserve will compete in the new Verbandsliga, in the Landesliga there are no longer any Göttingen clubs.
In the women's competition, TTV Geismar plays in the Verbandsliga, the Torpedo runner-up in the Landesliga.
What looks like a better district class in terms of composition is now the new Bezirksoberliga Süd.
Here TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and TTC will compete.
In the district league Dransfeld and SC Weende play as regional representatives, in the district class the TTC II, Red-White, the Bovender SV II and the teams of the TTV Geismar II and III play.
Güntersen, the TTC and the TTV Geismar II are involved in this project.
Torpedo III and Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen are starting in the regional league.
With nine teams each
SC Weende sends its girls to the small district league.
Also the district league relay of the SCW boys - where Torpedo II is still starting - is not complete.
Geismar, Tuspo Weende and the Bovender SV will start the season in a district class.
In the first season of the newly founded regional association, the two Göttingen district leagues each start with nine teams.
In the West Relay, these are Rot-Weiß II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
In the East Relay, Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen are among those playing.
The Women's District League consists of Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
This is still better than in the district of Osterode, where there are no longer any women's teams at district level.
Noticeable that none of the six 2nd circle classes reaches target strength, here the innovative and busy circle executive will have to think about.
NATO summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
At the weekend there were protests from opponents of the NATO summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in downtown Newport for an anti-Nato march.
On Sunday about 150 people gathered in Cardiff in front of the city hall there to hold a so-called counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough followed developments for us over the weekend and spoke to demonstrators who had travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teenagers flown out of the Blue Mountains
TWO young bush walkers were brought to safety with the winch after being trapped in the Blue Mountains in NSW during the night.
THE 16-year-old girl and the 19-year-old man set off on their tour in Govett's Leap in Blackheath shortly after Sunday afternoon.
Concerned relatives called the police at around 8 pm when the two had not returned home.
A search party of local police and rescue services set out and the couple was found near the Bridal Veil waterfalls at around 11 pm.
The girl had injured her knee and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Rescue workers stayed with the couple overnight and they were flown out on Monday morning.
They were brought to the Blue Mountains Hospital in stable condition by ambulance.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
The approximately 1000 demonstrators were forced out of the PTV building by soldiers, said Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid.
The station had resumed broadcasting after a good half hour.
PTV director Athar Farooq said that the demonstrators equipped with sticks damaged equipment in the editorial office.
No deaths or injuries were reported.
The demonstrators demand the resignation of the head of government, whom they accuse of electoral fraud.
The police said that about one kilometre from the residence of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, clashes of about 3000 demonstrators with security forces had again occurred on Monday.
According to hospital reports, one policeman was injured.
Over the weekend, at least three people were killed and more than 500 injured when demonstrators tried to enter Sharif's residence.
They are demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister.
On Sunday evening, after a meeting at army headquarters, the powerful military had called for a political solution to the conflict "without wasting time and without using force".
The communication went on to say that "the army remains committed to its role of ensuring the security of the state".
The escalating violence has fuelled concerns about military intervention, which has been the subject of frequent coups in the past.
The protests led by the opposition politician Imran Khan and the preacher Tahirul Qadri have continued since the independence day on August 14.
Sharif refuses to resign.
Khan and Qadri had called on their followers on Sunday to persevere.
"We will not go back without forcing Sharif to resign," Khan said.
Qadri expressed similar sentiments.
Khan accuses Sharif of having won the parliamentary elections last May by fraud.
Qadri demands the resignation of the central and provincial governments.
A transitional government should then reform the electoral system and call new elections.
More than 40,000 security forces are deployed to protect the government district.
The demonstrators had initially held out peacefully in front of the parliament until Khan and Qadri called on them over the weekend to make their way to Sharif's residence.
Hütteldorfer in third place in the standings after second win of the season.
A bitter week for Rapid came to a conciliatory end on Sunday with the 2-0 win over Grödig.
"The win is very liberating," said coach Zoran Barisic, whose team had reached an interim low when they went out of the Europa League on Thursday.
"The sense of achievement was incredibly important," confirmed captain and goalscorer Steffen Hofmann, who advanced to third place with green and white.
Schrammel dream goal puts Rapid on the winning track Rapid has shown the right reaction to the disappointment against Helsinki with their second win of the season and enters the international match break with a sense of achievement.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction," said full-back Thomas Schrammel, who set the course for victory with his magnificent leading volley from the 16th corner in the 14th minute.
"I thought I'd throw in all the frustration of Thursday and snap it under the bar," said the 26-year-old with a smile.
When Schrammel scored for the last time in a Bundesliga game on 13 November 2010, that was still for Ried.
The first championship goal in rapid dress will therefore remain in his memory.
"For me this is something very special, I am from the Rapid offspring," said Schrammel.
Due to Mario Pavelic's short-term pelvic injury, Schrammel moved from the left to the right defensive side and did his job very well there as well.
He has enough experience to be able to perform this position mirror-inverted.
He has earned this goal, he has already performed a few assists this year," praised Barisic.
Team shows character Schrammel also delivered the cross to 2-0 by Hofmann after a good hour, which finally brought the decision.
Because before that, the guests could have written to us.
"Thank God we had some luck today", Schrammel also remarked, alluding to the gap between performance and results in recent weeks: "The results were not right, but the playfulness was always good compared to last year".
Barisic even said that they had been "better than today in many matches before" - against "the strongest team that has played in this stadium this season".
The first three-pointer since 26 July had therefore proved that the team structure was intact despite the setbacks: "Today my team has shown that it has character".
For him no less pleasing: "That we finally played to zero again".
The fact that Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger all dropped out and Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger made their debuts in the starting line-up makes the victory even more valuable.
"One must not forget that", reminded Barisic, who lost players in the last three days with Behrendt and Pavelic, "who have been very stable lately".
The international match break must therefore be used to "lick wounds and gain a bit of physical strength," explained Barisic, who has five U21 players in his ranks.
One person for whom the break is probably particularly convenient is Captain Hofmann.
He tears himself apart for the crew, overcoming pain.
Especially in this difficult phase he has shown that he is a very important player for us," Barisic stated.
Hofmann not only gave the Rapids game structure before his 68th-minute substitution, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year-old, who played his 350th Bundesliga match, it was the first goal out of the game since 2 November 2013 (4-2 over Admira).
Hofmann: "May not believe that everything is good now" "We have certainly had a bit of luck, but at some point, luck must also come back to us.
Now it was high time," said Hofmann.
Of course, he admonished us to continue working in a concentrated manner: "One should not always see things in black and white.
We have not played as badly as it has been portrayed over the last few weeks.
But we must also not believe that everything is good now.
He could not deny the importance of his role for the team.
After all, it is a very young team that I can help a lot at the moment.
In certain phases they do stick to me," said Hofmann.
Grödig coach Michael Baur had little to reproach himself and his team.
He regretted the quick counter-goal "from the category magic goal", as well as the regular goal of Nutz in the 40th minute, which had been wrongly denied by referee Kollegger.
The only reproach I can make to the team is that we were not concrete enough towards the goal in some phases.
We did not have enough degrees.
Central defender Maximilian Karner took a similar view: "It started badly right away, but then we found our way back in and even scored a goal.
On the whole, there would have been more in it.
Under this treetop reigns calm
We showed a mighty tribe at our puzzle task of the summer series "My piece of the Rhöner Glück" last Friday.
Several of these giant trees still exist in the district, the specimen shown is the "Geißruheiche" above Unterweißenbrunn.
A bumpy footpath leads up to the approximately 600-year-old oak tree.
We pass paddocks, piles of basalt stones and seas of basalt stones.
A little below the quarry vom Bauersberg, one kilometre north of the road to Weisbach, there it stands.
The natural monument looks vital, it towers above the other trees in the area and, with a circumference of over eight metres, is reminiscent of an American sequoia.
A small Buddha on a tree stump indicates that this is a spiritual or mystical place.
But despite intensive research, there were only hints as to the origin of the name.
Dr. Wolfgang Schneider consulted the Bischofsheim archives and interviewed elderly people from Unterweißenbrunn to find out what their relationship is to the goat resting oak.
The result of his investigations remained the rather sober explanation for the name.
According to this, up until about 80 years ago, goatherds were said to have driven their animals from Unterweißenbrunn to the meadows, which had been painstakingly cleared and freed of stones.
At the foot of the tree the animal keepers, exhausted by the climb, are said to have rested.
In the meantime, the area has regained its importance, as herds of goats are actually grazing on the meadows again.
The area has also been declared a core zone of the biosphere reserve, Schneider added.
However, one should be careful when entering the stone accumulations, because the basalt warmed up by the sun is also a popular habitat for adders.
A hiking trail leads from Unterweißenbrunn to the tree, which is somewhat hidden.
Other paths are signposted, which climb up towards Hochrhön and invite you to take an extended hike.
Where is the moated castle?
However, a moated castle, which is searched for in our next task, is rather seldom to be found at this altitude.
The reflection in the ditch already gives a good impression of the building, but we have some historical buildings in the district, to which the building portrait could fit.
Where is our "piece of the Rhöner Glück"?
My piece of Rhöner luck
As with previous Main-Post series in previous years, there are prizes to be won if they have the right solution.
Those who like to take pictures themselves can also participate.
You can send us the solution and also your very personal "piece of Rhöner Glück" under this keyword at the e-mail address red.neustadt@mainpost.de.
The best photos will be published.
After weeks of tug-of-war, Italy's prime minister and current EU president Matteo Renzi has pushed through the nomination of his foreign minister Federica Mogherini as head of EU foreign policy against strong conservative opposition at last week's EU special summit. She will succeed Catherine Ashton from Britain.
As the pro-government daily La Repubblica reports, Renzi sees the appointment of his Mogherini, who is also considered a favourite in the government team, as strengthening the position of the Social Democrats and his own in the EU.
He also expects this to give a boost to his "reform package" in Italy.
Last but not least Renzi hopes to calm down the left-wing party base, which has repeatedly rebelled against him, because Mogherini is assigned to it - albeit in a rather moderate way.
The prevailing opinion in Rome is that this will create a political balance with regard to the conservative representatives with Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and Donald Tusk, who has been nominated as President of the Council.
For the EU's chief diplomat will also be deputy to Commission President Juncker.
The pending approval of the EU Parliament is considered certain.
Otherwise President Giorgio Napolitano would hardly have called the nomination of the 41-year-old politician from the ruling Democratic Party (PD) an "important recognition" of Italy's role in the EU.
La Repubblica spreads optimism that the Mogherini, who has proven herself in leading party offices for almost two decades and is known for her ambition, will be able to meet the "enormous challenges".
The Roman-born woman is married and has two daughters.
The political scientist, who holds a doctorate in political science, began her party career in 1996 in the youth organisation of the then Democratici di Sinistra (Left Democrats), which merged with the Catholic Centre Party Margherita in 2008 to form the current Social Democratic PD.
In 1999, Mogherini became Vice-President of the European Community Organisation of Socialist Youth for three years.
With her election to the Left Democratic Party Council in 2001, she entered into high party politics and worked in the Foreign Policy Department, of which she soon became head.
It occupied traditional focal points of Italian foreign policy such as the Middle East, became known through studies on the NATO mission in Afghanistan, in which Italy is participating with a contingent of troops, and cultivated contacts with the Social Democrats in Europe and with the Democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, where she is an expert in defence and European and international affairs.
When Renzi became prime minister in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini as his foreign minister.
If the PD today has a better relationship with the strong peace movement in the country, which contributed to the party's 40 percent vote in the EU elections in May, then Federica Mogherini, as PD circles note, has a share in this.
The reproaches in Brussels that the new EU foreign representative has too little diplomatic experience, i.e. lacks substance, are countered in the PD.
In Brussels, especially from Poland and the Baltic members, suspiciously realistic accents of Mogherini on the crisis in Ukraine are being pursued and defamed as a "Russia-friendly course".
It is in favour of the South Stream pipeline, operated by the Russian company Gazprom, which will transport Russian natural gas directly to southern Europe, bypassing Ukraine, and will also help to secure Italy's energy supply.
After Renzi took office as EU President in July, Mogherini travelled to Moscow for her first state visit.
Photos of her shake hands with Putin were received with indignation in Brussels, as was the fact that she invited the Kremlin chief to a Milan economic summit in October.
A total of nine young people started their training at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg on Monday.
This includes one trainee who has already completed another training course in the company.
In the future, the new employees will be working in four different professions: Electronics engineer (three trainees), mechatronics engineer (two), toolmaker (two) and process mechanic (two).
All trainees come from the Schwandorf district: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from Neunburg vorm Wald, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd and Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees previously attended secondary modern schools and secondary modern schools.
From Wednesday to Friday, the trainees of all years as well as the instructors will go to a team-building event in Oberammergau, where, among other things, a full-day hike and rafting on the Inn River are on the program.
The company has 435 employees in Germany and 950 worldwide.
The number of trainees spread over all age groups is 27.
The socialists in France should "keep their mouths shut and put France in order," said the main ally of Francois Hollande.
Mr. Valls called on the deeply divided left to show "their love" for the controversial socialist president, whose cabinet reshuffle has met with disapproval from the vast majority of French people.
The President deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyalty, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to stay by his side," he said to great applause.
As a calming gesture, the Prime Minister insisted that his government would not question the controversial 35-hour week in France, despite strong calls for a relaxation of the regulation on the part of Emmanuel Macron, the new Minister of Economy.
On Saturday, Mr. Hollande had urged his fellow socialists to show themselves "united" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the Minister of Justice, threw a spanner in the works by appearing at a meeting of renegade Socialist MPs and criticising the Socialist Party for taking the French "faith in their future".
Marine Le Pen, the far right leader of the National Front, mocked the Socialists' constant trench warfare and said she could not imagine the new Valls government would last more than a few months.
Francois Hollande is the emperor without clothes, but Prince Manuel Valls has none either, they are forced to form a new government when the old one hasn't even survived a summer.
"And the new one won't survive the fall or winter either," Miss Le Pen told supporters.
She reiterated her party's call for a dissolution of parliament and said she was confident of coming out as a winner in early elections and was ready to join the government.
The French ruling party suffered a defeat in the local elections in March and the right-wing National Front was ahead in the EU elections in May.
A survey published in the Sunday newspaper Journal du Dimanche revealed that 76 percent of the French believe that the Socialist Party is in danger of disintegrating into several rival factions before the end of Holland's term of office in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po University, warned that the French would quickly lose patience if the new socialist government failed to improve the economy and record unemployment figures.
"There is a small window of opportunity, but public opinion must quickly feel that things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could deteriorate further.
Norwegian Cruise about to close a deal with Prestige Cruises of $3 billion
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the third largest cruise operator in the world, according to industry experts, is conducting advanced negotiations to acquire competitor Prestige Cruises International Inc for about $ 3 billion.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to Prestige Cruises' luxury cruise ships and its wealthy clientele, while competing with larger rivals such as Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement could be announced as early as this week, sources said on Sunday, warning that talks could also end inconclusively.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, the private equity company Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N) also owns a 20 per cent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked to be able to remain anonymous, as the negotiations were not public.
Representatives from Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises did not respond to requests for comments, while a spokesman for Apollo declined to comment.
The Miami-based company Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships on routes between North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic Sea, Central America and the Caribbean.
Its revenue in 2013 was $2.57 billion, an increase of 13 percent over 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the brand names Oceania and Regent, which together operate eight cruise ships on routes to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It reported revenues for 2013 of $1.2 billion, an increase of 6 percent over the previous year.
The cruise industry as a whole is worth about $29 billion and is expected to grow in the next few years as the middle class in emerging markets such as China and India is strengthened.
The companies are trying to position themselves as the best choice among cruise operators for these new customers.
Prestige Cruises applied to the US regulatory authorities for an initial public offering in January 2014.
Apollo is the majority shareholder in the company since an $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise operator owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), a leisure and casino conglomerate controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo invested $1 billion in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise went public in January 2013.
According to the regulatory authorities, Genting held 28 percent of the shares at the end of June, Apollo held 20 percent and the private equity company TPG Capital LP held 8 percent of the company.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together hold 82 percent of the passenger capacity on American cruise ships, according to the original application documents for the IPO of Prestige Cruises.
Pro-Hong Kong activists condemn China the day after the election decision.
A group loyal to Beijing waved the Chinese flag nearby.
The Standing Committee of the National People's Congress passed a framework law on Sunday that allows only two or three candidates for Hong Kong's leadership election in 2017.
All candidates must first obtain the majority support of a nomination committee, which is expected to be composed of members loyal to Beijing.
This decision makes it almost impossible for opposition Democrats to be admitted to the election and prompted pro-democracy activists to make good on their threat and paralyze Hong Kong's financial center with "Occupy Central" protests.
Political reform has long been a controversial issue in Hong Kong; and China's party leadership fears that calls for democracy are spreading to other cities.
Following the publication of a Beijing White Paper outlining China's domination of Hong Kong in June, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on the election process in the Special Administrative Region, with hundreds of thousands marching into the city's business district to organise a sit-in.
Li's survey is organised by the Hong Kong government and the Hong Kong Liaison Office.
The Vice-Chairman of the Legal Affairs Commission of the Standing Committee, Mr Zhang Rongshun, and the Deputy Director of the Hong Kong and Macao Office of the State Council, Mr Feng Wei, should be questioned during the day.
Student activists announced that they would gather outside the Hong Kong leadership office in the afternoon.
Great Britain did not provide for any democratic elements until the final phase of the 150-year colonial government in Hong Kong.
Putin demands from Kiev to start "statehood talks" with eastern Ukraine
According to Russian media reports, Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded on Sunday that the Ukrainian government stop fighting against the separatists in the east of the country and immediately begin negotiations on the "statehood" of the breakaway region.
His spokesman Dimitri Peskov later clarified that Putin did not mean that the territory of eastern Ukraine, which is under the control of the separatists, would become part of Russia, but that its status vis-à-vis Ukraine would have to be redefined in order to give the Russian-speaking region the power to represent its rights and interests.
Putin's call to the Kiev government to negotiate on an equal footing with the pro-Russian insurgents, however, fits in with the strategy he seems to have been pursuing since the beginning of the riots five months ago: helping the separatists take territory and putting pressure on the Ukrainian government to allow the newly proclaimed Novorossiya region de facto independence for an alliance with Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with state television channel one, Putin condemned the Ukrainian military campaign to recapture the separatist-held territories in the eastern regions of Donetsk and Luhansk, which were taken in March and April after Moscow annexed the Ukrainian peninsula of Crimea on March 18.
Recently, the Kremlin and the separatists have referred to the occupied territory as "Novorossiya" or "New Russia", a term that recalls the pre-revolutionary heyday of the Russian empire.
Putin pointed out that all those who, in the wake of campaigns by Ukrainian politicians for the elections on Oct. 26 and while government groups attack civilian communities in the areas held by separatists hope for early peace talks are "caught in their illusions", reported Itar-Tass.
"We need to start detailed talks immediately, not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the state status of Southeast Ukraine, in order to protect the interests of the people living there," he said.
Peskov said that Putin's reference to statehood must be seen in the context of the greater autonomy that the Kiev leadership has been discussing for months to allay fears in Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are at risk.
Only the Ukrainian government can give the eastern territories the necessary autonomy, said Peskov.
This is not about negotiations between Ukraine and Russia, said Peskov, "because it is not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal conflict in Ukraine.
The Kremlin spokesman's clarification to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underlined Russia's claim to leadership in dealing with the separatist rebellion in the East, in contrast to the direct annexation of the Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million inhabitants are ethnic Russians.
Moscow would have far greater difficulty in annexing the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million inhabitants are not Russians and pre-conflict polls show a large majority in favour of staying in Ukraine.
The autonomy, which was raised by Russian diplomats in international forums, would give regional governments in Ukraine the power to negotiate their own trade agreements and foreign relations, thus giving the Kremlin de facto control over an area linking Russian territory with the Crimea.
The peninsula in the Black Sea, annexed five months ago, is the home port for most of the Russian navy as well as an important commercial port and historic coastal region.
The regions between the Rostov region in Russia and the Crimea are also rich in mines, factories and foundries, which produce important components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko suggested in his inauguration speech on 7th June that Ukrainian legislation - after new elections - should consider additions to the constitution that would give the respective territories greater control over their finances and the status of languages.
But his idea of autonomy seems to be in sharp contrast to that of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels, whose arming and incitement Moscow is accused of.
Putin's last call on Kiev to negotiate on an equal footing with the separatist leaders followed a further advance by the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered eastern Ukraine via the previously peaceful region along the Sea of Azov.
The Russian-backed separatists took control of Novoazovsk in a coup d'état that Ukrainian security officials feared was the first step in a campaign to take over the strategic coastal region as far as the Crimea.
For this reason, massive civil and military preparations have begun to fortify Mariupol, a steel industrial port with a population of 500,000, located between Novoasovsk and the narrow access to the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko spoke at a meeting of EU leaders in Brussels on Saturday, urging action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are close to a point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit did not decide on any concrete actions, the leadership demanded the draft of further sanctions against Russia, which should come into effect in case of an unspecified escalation of the Ukrainian crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaisk after two Russian tank columns and 1,000 soldiers entered the Donetsk region last week to support the besieged separatists, Colonel Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defence Council told reports on Saturday in Kiev.
The first presumably 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped by the Russian invasion of Ilovaysk were exchanged on Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers captured a week ago on Ukrainian territory, Lysenko said on Sunday.
Nude photo scandal involving Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten made no bones about his anger about hackers, who presumably stole nude pictures of his fiancée Gabi Grecko and a who's who of A celebrities from Hollywood.
Filmstadt is in an uproar after a series of explicit photos of a naked Jennifer Lawrence appeared on the Internet in a hacking scandal involving celebrities.
The hacker responsible for this probably has 60 nude photos of Lawrence, star of "The Tributes of Panem" and of superstars, including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actress Kirsten Dunst.
The Australian actresses Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Grecko from Melbourne allegedly also published private photos due to an iCloud gap.
There are 101 celebrities on the list.
Edelsten, who got engaged to Grecko last month, told Confidential, "It's disgusting."
All private letters and pictures should remain private.
It is a shame that private information can be stolen and passed on to others.
Grecko, currently in New York, reportedly told a news website that the hack was "shameful" and that those affected "felt hurt".
The hacker probably has 30 pictures of Palmer with her ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two pictures of her lying topless in a pool.
Palmer's film works include "Love is Invincible" with Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and actress Browning from Sucker Punch were not available yesterday to comment on the hacked images.
A Lawrence representative told TMZ, "It's a heinous invasion of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen condemned the hacker in his Tweet: "Posting hacked pictures from a mobile phone is nothing more than selling stolen goods."
From a purely legal point of view, the further distribution of stolen images should not be tolerated.
Yesterday, cyclists, joggers and hikers took part in the 8th cycling up the Großer Feldberg and thus supported the association "Hilfe für krebskranke Kinder".
The tour, which was an ordeal for some, was an easy training for others.
But everyone agreed on one thing: it was fun.
Thomas Studanski must have slept well last night.
For the first time in his life, the boss of the Oberurseler Brauhaus went up the Feldberg by bike yesterday.
For a good cause.
He can easily put his aching muscles away, especially since his participation in the 8th cycling competition on the Großer Feldberg for the benefit of the association "Hilfe für krebskranke Kinder" (Frankfurt) had also brought him a valuable personal insight.
A great thing.
"I know I can do it now - great!"
A little pause along the way in the applause curve?
No, if I stopped once, it would have been over...
Like Thomas Studanski, who sits for the CDU in Oberursel's city parliament, many of the 718 participants struggled to recover yesterday in the early morning dew and came close to exhaustion, but happily to the plateau.
Others, on the other hand, found it easier to overcome the eleven-kilometre stretch between Hohemark and Feldberg.
Norman Dießner, for example.
The Green politician from the district council, who was dressed all in red - red dress, red bike - made a bit of an understatement at the start ("Lots of pros, arriving is the goal!"), but then proved to be half a pro on the mountain and crossed the finish line after 45 minutes without any breathing problems.
He also completed the course in one go, as did Nina Kuhn, press spokeswoman for the city of Oberursel, who had set out on the journey together with Frank Grüneisen.
For the two triathletes, the "Feldberg cycling" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This is about charity, we like to be part of it - we would have taken a ride today anyway", says Kuhn.
On the way they had met Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) had gone down to Oberursel in the morning, only to pedal back up to the top again immediately afterwards.
Florian Zierz from Frankfurt had swung himself into the saddle at home at 9 o'clock in the morning, "made" the Feldberg twice, only to roll home with fun.
Fritter-Toni had fun, too.
For the boss of the Oberursel cult kiosk, cycling tours over the Feldberg are simply part of the package.
He had set his sights on 40 minutes with his 6.5-kilo racing bike.
A crazy event.
For this purpose - I'm happy to be part of it," said Andreas Balzke.
The well-trained Mainz native says of himself that he is an "ambitious racing cyclist".
He must be, because he was riding the "Fixie bike", which are also racing bikes, but without gearshift...
That it was easy to get to the top without a bike was proven not only by the 20 hikers who climbed over the White Wall and the Fuchstanz to the summit, but also by a jogger who pulled a car tire with weights behind him on a cord.
Mountain rescue doctor Professor Volker Lischke, who was responsible for safety with his team, equipped with a four-wheel drive vehicle and quad bike, said: "I know him" from Frankfurt, who is training for a special sled trail, only that he pulls the sled himself. So in a way, the man is his own sled dog.
The 718 participants - more than ever before - had been sent out in groups on the track in the morning.
The hikers first at 9.30 am.
The first cyclists and runners followed at 10 o'clock.
Five minutes later, the first mountain bikers started.
Bent Hansen, chairman of the association "Radeln auf den Großen Feldberg", gave the starting commands and wished the participants a nice trip.
For next year, he hopes that it will be possible to close the track up to the Feldberg for the safety of the participants.
Obama receives Netanyahu
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu is not exactly friendly.
The two wanted to talk about the implementation of the international agreement as well as Tehran's destabilising measures in the Middle East.
But the meeting will also focus on the conflict with the Palestinians and the two-state solution under discussion.
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu has been strained for years.
Washington criticizes Israel's ongoing settlement construction and accuses Netanyahu of lacking will in the peace process.
The relationship between the two has deteriorated further as a result of Obama's proposed deal on Iran's nuclear programme.
In March, at the invitation of the Republicans, Netanyahu gave a controversial speech to the US Congress, which was partly seen as an affront to Obama.
The speech had not been agreed with Obama, who had refused to meet with him with reference to the upcoming election in Israel.
In a 911 call, Professor confesses to shooting his girlfriend
In an emergency call, Professor Shannon Lamb told the police in a somewhat shaky voice that he had shot his girlfriend and that the officers had to come to his house.
Lamb felt it was important to stress that his "sweet dog" was still alive and probably excited, however, and he said the dead woman's family contacts could be found on her cell phone.
Inside the house, officers found the body of Amy Prentiss and a handwritten note scribbled on a white pad: "I'm so sorry, I wish I could take it back, I loved Amy and she's the only woman who ever loved me. According to the authorities, this was in the letter and it was signed by Lamb.
There was no indication that Lamb, who taught two online courses for Delta State University in Cleveland, Mississippi, had already traveled 300 miles to the school grounds where, according to police, he shot and killed a popular history professor, Ethan Schmidt, at the door of his office.
Delta State University Police Chief Lynn Buford said university employees heard the shooting at 10:18.
He said Lamb made the fateful 911 call sometime after that.
By the end of the day there was another death: Lamb took his own life when the police surrounded him.
One day after the university shooting, which forced students and faculty to hide behind closed doors, authorities are still trying to get a picture of what motivated Lamb.
The details released by investigators at both ends of the state, as well as what students and staff who knew him testified, helped paint a picture of a talented but potentially difficult teacher.
Students said they were looking forward to his classes.
The police in Gautier, where Prentiss died, said he had no history of violence or criminal history.
Schmidt himself had mentioned Lamb in a book he had written in which he mentioned the "wonderful people" with whom he shared his academic life.
They both taught in the Department of Social Sciences and History, which has a faculty of 17 members, and many students took courses from both.
At the same time, there were some tendencies towards problematic behaviour.
One student, Brandon Beavers, who praised Lamb, said he also seemed a little excited and nervous, "as if there was something wrong with him."
Another student, Mikel Sykes, said that Lamb had told him that he was dealing with stress at the end of the 2014-15 academic year.
Lamb had previously asked Delta State University for a medical leave of absence, saying that he had some kind of health problem.
This year he taught only two online courses.
Recent changes in the university's employment policy meant that the doctorate for which Lamb had worked so hard would not guarantee him an automatic route to appointment as an assistant professor.
University President William LaForge said he knew nothing about a conflict between Lamb and Schmidt, but "of course there was something in Mr Lamb's mind."
These are questions that Lamb can no longer answer.
After fleeing the campus, police later found Lamb's trail when he drove back into Mississippi from Arkansas.
Before he could be arrested, Lamb killed himself with a .38 caliber pistol in the backyard of a house about a mile south of his home on the outskirts of Greenville, Mississippi, Washington County Coroner Methel Johnson said.
His car was still running in the driveway.
It was not immediately clear why Lamb went to that house, but Johnson said she thought he knew the people who lived there.
Lamb grew up around here.
Lamb began his work at the university in 2009, which has 3,500 students in a city of about 12,000 inhabitants, teaching geography and education.
He received his doctorate in education in the spring.
One of Lamb's long-time friends described him as intelligent, charismatic and funny.
Carla Hairston said she was 15 and Lamb was 20 when they met through mutual friends.
She and her friends were in high school, and he was the cool older guy who tried to teach her to play the guitar for a few years.
He was the ladies' man back then.
All the girls melted away when he was around," said Hairston, now 40 and living in Brandon's Jackson suburb.
Lamb and Prentiss were obviously together for some time.
In the 911 call, Lamb said "I killed my wife," but there was no record of a marriage.
They had a dog named Lightning who lived with them in the brick house that borders a bayou in Gautier.
The police said the dog was fine.
Prentiss' ex-husband, Shawn O'Steen, said they divorced 15 years ago but remained friends and had a daughter who was now 19 years old.
"She was totally devastated," O'Steen said about his daughter.
She and her mother were absolutely best friends.
O'Steen said he had never met Lamb, but through his daughter Abigail he had heard that Lamb was interested in music and played the blues.
Lamb met Prentiss when he and Abigail both performed at a summer fair three years ago.
Later on they played one or the other gig together.
O'Steen said his daughter writes and sings her own music.
Prentiss was a nurse who worked online for various companies.
Mike Shaffer, a bartender and sometimes entertainment coordinator at The Julep Room, a dimly lit bar near Gautier, said he last saw Lamb and Prentiss Night on the night of September 5th, after Lamb finished his guitar and harmonica playing in front of a sparse audience.
There was no sign that anything was wrong.
"Just a happy couple," he said.
We were cleaning up and joking around.
I mean, they both had a good sense of humor.
Schmidt, the dead professor, directed the freshman seminar program and specialized in Native American and colonial history, said Don Allan Mitchell, an English professor at the school.
He was married and had three small children.
He studied at Emporia State University in Kansas and was president of his fraternity and student committee.
At the Delta State Campus in Cleveland, about 900 people, including faculty, staff, students and community members, attended a candlelight memorial service on Tuesday night.
Schmidt's wife Liz and brother Jeff Schmidt also took part in the vigil, while the university choir sang "Bright Morning Star" and "Amazing Grace".
Classes will resume on Wednesday.
"We are trying to get our students to return," said LaForge.
The crisis is over.
This is a day of healing.
Amy and Rogelio Solis reported from Cleveland, Mississippi.
Associated Press authors Emily Wagster Pettus in Greenville, Mississippi, and Rebecca Santana in New Orleans contributed to this report.
This story has been corrected to reflect that the police now say that Lamb made the 911 call after he shot Schmidt, and that in his 911 call, Lamb referred to Prentiss as his wife, but there is no indication that the two were ever married.
Toys R Us plans to hire fewer workers for the Christmas period
Toys R Us says that it will not be recruiting as many Christmas season staff as last year, but the toy and baby products retailer says it will give the current employees and seasonal workers it employs a chance to work more hours.
The company said it plans to employ 40,000 people in stores and distribution centers across the country. In the Christmas season 2014, 45,000 workers were still being hired.
Most jobs will be part-time.
The company said it will start interviewing candidates this month and the number of employees will increase from October to December.
While the holidays themselves are still months away, Christmas is approaching and companies are preparing to hire temporary workers to equip stores with staff to sell, ship and deliver products.
Michael J. Fox jokes about his "date" with Princess Diana
The premiere of "Back to the Future" was a great moment in Michael J. Fox's career.
She was also remarkable for personal reasons.
"We were sitting in the theater waiting for the Royals, and I notice that the seat next to me is empty, and I gradually realize that Princess Diana will be sitting next to me," he said in a trailer for an upcoming documentary film "Back in Time.
The film begins and it occurs to me that I am a simulated yawn and an arm's length away from being on a date with the Princess of Wales.
"Back in Time", a documentary about "Back to the Future", presents interviews with Fox, Lea Thompson and Christopher Lloyd, as well as with director Robert Zemeckis and producer Steven Spielberg.
"Back for the Future" premiered 30 years ago.
"For me," Spielberg said, "it's really," "indisputably the greatest time travel film ever made."
"Back in Time" will be available on VOD, DVD and in selected cinemas in October.
UN chief says there is no military solution in Syria
Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon says his response to Russia's increased military support for Syria is that "there is no military solution" to the nearly five-year conflict, and more weapons will only exacerbate violence and misery for millions of people.
The UN Chief reiterates his call on all parties, including the divided UN Security Council, to unite and support inclusive negotiations to find a political solution.
Ban told a press conference on Wednesday that he plans to meet the foreign ministers of the Council's five permanent member nations - the US, Russia, China, Britain and France - in the margins of the General Assembly ministerial meeting later this month to discuss the situation in Syria.
He regretted that the divisions in the Council and within the Syrian people and regional powers "make this situation unsolvable".
Ban called on the five permanent members to show the same solidarity and unity in dealing with the Syrian crisis as they have shown in reaching a nuclear deal with Iran.
8 survey results that show that Donald Trump is to be taken seriously.
Some have tried to brand it a flop.
Others have dismissed it as a joke.
And some are waiting for a breakdown.
But no matter how some Republicans try to pull Donald Trump down from the top ranks in polls, it has not (yet) worked.
Ten of the last eleven national polls showed Donald Trump leading in double digits, and some are beginning to seriously wonder what it means for the chances of nomination of the real estate mogul.
Of course it is still too early in the parliamentary term.
No one is saying Trump is likely to win the Republican nomination.
Experts stress that at this time in 2011 Rick Perry's leadership was handed over to the rising Herman Cain, none of whom won any state in the nomination process.
And there are many reasons why he would have to fight in a general election.
But maverick groups like Jeb Bush's Super PAC and the conservative business group Club for Growth are now recognizing Trump's staying power and beginning to let their dollars flow to bring him down.
Here are some recent survey results that indicate that the real estate mogul is not just a temporary phase:
Trump's popularity ratings have turned 180 degrees.
Just before Donald Trump announced his candidacy in mid-June, a survey by Monmouth University showed that only two out of ten Republicans took a positive view of the real estate mogul.
By mid-July, the figure had risen to 40 percent.
At the beginning of August, the figure was 52 percent.
Now six out of 10 Republicans have a positive view of Donald Trump.
About three out of ten say they have a negative opinion.
And these numbers are holding up in early states.
A Quinnipiac poll in Iowa last week found that 60 percent of Republicans have a good opinion of Trump.
Two-thirds of GOP voters GOP would be happy with Trump as candidate.
In a CNN/ORC poll last week, 67 percent of Republicans said they would be either "enthusiastic" or "satisfied" if Trump was nominated.
Only two out of 10 say they'd be "upset" if he was the candidate.
Only Ben Carson creates about the same amount of enthusiasm as Trump (43 percent say they are "enthusiastic" vs. 40 percent who say the same about Trump).
The next in enthusiasm?
Marco Rubio with only 21 percent.
On the other hand, 47 percent of Republican voters say they would be "dissatisfied" or "angry" if Jeb Bush, the establishment's favorite, became the candidate.
A majority of Republicans do not see Trump's temperament as a problem.
While Donald Trump is widely criticized for his bombastic and insulting statements, 52 percent of Republican-leaning Irish voters believe the real estate mogul has the right temperament for a president, according to ABC News/Washington Post on Monday.
The same number applies in the nation's first primary state, the state of Iowa, where the same 52 percent of Republicans think he has the personality for a commander-in-chief, according to Quinnipiac last week.
Yet 44 percent think he doesn't have the personality to effectively carry out his office, and nearly six out of 10 independents say his temperament doesn't fit in the White House, according to ABC/Post.
Republican voters are getting used to the idea.
When they put on their scholarly hats, Republican voters think Trump is real.
When asked who is most likely to win the GOP nomination, four out of ten say Trump is the best bet, according to a CNN/ORC poll last week.
This is a change since when four out of ten bet their money on Jeb Bush at the end of July.
Full disclosure: GOP voters have not had the clearest crystal ball in the past.
At this point in the last cycle, four out of ten Republicans thought that Rick Perry would win the nomination, compared to only 28% for the final candidate Mitt Romney.
Nevertheless, it turns out that a large number of GOP voters regard Trump's campaign as plausible.
Even if the Republicans rallied around another candidate, Trump still beats almost everyone.
Some experts point out that the fragmented field is likely to contribute to Trump's leadership, while anti-trump support is diffusely distributed among more than a dozen other candidates.
But a survey by Monmouth University in early September shows that in a hypothetical neck-and-neck race between Trump and most other Republican candidates, Trump is gaining majority support.
He is 13 points ahead of Carly Fiorina, 14 points ahead of Marco Rubio, 15 points ahead of Walker, 19 points ahead of Jeb Bush and finally 33 points ahead of Rand Paul, John Kasich and Chris Christie.
It's a neck-and-neck race with Ted Cruz.
The only candidate to beat him?
Ben Carson would overtake the entrepreneur with 19 points in a hypothetical neck-and-neck race.
A slim majority of Donald Trump fans say that they have formed their opinion.
A new poll by CBS/NYT on Tuesday shows that only just over half of the voters who support Trump say they have cast their votes firmly.
Of course a lot can be done to change that, and no one can really say never to change their mind.
46 percent said they would leave the door open to switch to other candidates.
Still, Trump's strongest competitor at the moment is the other underdog, neurosurgeon Ben Carson, but voters who say they have formed their opinion are twice as likely to vote for Trump.
Six out of 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration.
Ever since Donald Trump called immigrants from Mexico "rapists" in his campaign speech two months ago, immigration has been the linchpin of public discourse on 2016.
Some are concerned that Trump's bombastic language will keep key Hispanics away from the Republican Party and damage the reorientation efforts.
But according to Monday's new ABC/Post poll, six out of 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration issues.
So as long as immigration remains in the spotlight, it seems that Donald Trump will do the same.
Frustration with the government is rising to new highs.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson now account for about half the support of Republican voters, mainly because of their outsider status.
Six out of 10 republicans say in the new Monday poll by ABC/Post they would rather have a political outsider than someone with government experience.
And they're mad at Washington, too.
A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll in Iowa two weeks ago shows that three out of four Iowa Republicans are frustrated with Republicans in Congress, with 54 percent "dissatisfied" and 21 percent "angry as hell.
Munich, Sylt and Co.: The five most exclusive residential areas in Germany
Here in Hobookenweg you will find the most expensive housing estate - with a view over the North Sea tidelands.
In the street, a square meter of a thatched house costs an average of 73,300 euros.
"On Sylt, the supply of properties is naturally limited," the study says - hence the high price.
A new study shows in which special locations a square meter costs the most.
Of course, 18.70 euros per square meter for a student dormitory in Munich is not really little.
In contrast to Germany's top residential locations, however, the price seems like peanuts.
The real estate service provider Engel & Völkers has published a ranking of the most exclusive German residential locations - with square metre prices at dizzying heights.
Several tens of thousands of euros are nothing - per square meter, mind you.
But if you can afford it...
By the way: For once, Munich is not at the top here.
Champions League: Bavaria's dream start thanks to Müller and Götze
Double scorer in Piraeus: Bayern star Thomas Müller simply has a run.
A lucky goal from Thomas Müller paved the way for FC Bayern to a well-deserved 3-0 win at Olympiakos Piraeus - and then it was all over.
A sovereign start to the Champions League season.
The world champions Thomas Müller and Mario Götze have given FC Bayern a dream start to the "Mission Milan" in the witch's cauldron of Piraeus.
Coach Pep Guardiola's side won their opening Champions League match against Greek record holders Olympiakos in a hot atmosphere thanks to Müller's double (52./90.+2) and Götzes goal (89.) deservedly 3-0 (0-0).
The twelfth start in a row should be the first step towards the final on 28 May 2016 in Italy, where Guardiola finally wants to bring the Henkelpott to Munich in the third attempt.
Muller was graciously assisted by Olympiakos goalkeeper Roberto in his 28th goal in the Champions League against the Bayern leadership, who let a shot from the world champions' cross pass.
"We won't underestimate them," Bayern captain Philipp Lahm had promised before the game at Karaiskakis Stadium in front of 31,688 hot-blooded fans - and the Munich team kept its word.
They showed a concentrated and committed performance without shining.
Piraeus had won his most recent six home games in the premier class, including against renowned clubs such as Manchester United, Atlético Madrid and Juventus Turin.
Borussia Dortmund also stumbled here in 2011 (1:3).
But the Bavarians, undefeated in seven European Cup duels with Greek teams, did not want to be the next victim.
They took a bold approach, but often too unimaginative in their offensive efforts.
The attacks were too often initiated by shifting the game to left-winger Douglas Costa, who rarely got through against former Braunschweig player Omar Elabdellaoui.
Müller had more luck from the right when his cross from the right half of the field hit the upper left corner of the goal.
In the 67th minute the world champion missed the possible 2-0.
Robert Lewandowski had the best chances in half one.
First, when Olympiakos striker Ideye Brown knocked the Pole's header off the line (26th).
Then by direct removal, which goalkeeper Roberto parried with the knee (35.).
Although the Bavarians played their usual dominant game, Piraeus was able to set pinpricks.
But goalkeeper Manuel Neuer could be relied on.
For example, when he steered a shot of Ideye over the bar (56.)
In front of Neuer Guardiola had a four-man team defended with David Alaba in the centre next to Jerome Boateng, who did well.
Mario Götze, back in the squad after muscular problems, sat outside at first.
The world championship hero only gave the green light after the final training, said sports director Matthias Sammer at "Sky": "If you want to make something different out of it, that's already malicious".
Guardiola also decided against him in the first change when he brought Kingsley Coman for the battered Lewandowski (59.).
Götze arrived late for Arturo Vidal (76th) and made everything clear 13 minutes later, with Müller adding another penalty.
Before the game there had been riots in the stadium.
After a small group of partly masked Bayern fans in their spectator block had apparently provoked the supporters of host Piraeus with words and gestures, the security forces intervened and attacked the Munich supporters with truncheons.
At least one Bayern fan was transported out of the stadium injured.
Smokers have a higher risk of tooth loss
A long-term study in Potsdam suggests that smoking damages not only the lungs but also the teeth.
The good news is that if you do without, the risk decreases quickly.
Smokers have a significantly increased risk of losing their teeth early.
This is the result of a long-term study by an international team of researchers, including several employees of the German Institute of Nutrition Research (DIfE) in Potsdam.
Compared to non-smokers, the risk of premature tooth loss was 2.5 to 3.6 times higher among smokers.
The scientists had observed more than 23,300 participants.
The main causes of tooth loss are caries and inflammation of the gums, emphasises the DIfE.
The authors emphasize that smoking is a risk factor for this periodontitis.
The connection between smoking and tooth loss is therefore due to more frequent gum inflammation in smokers.
It is not clear to what extent smoking also increases the risk of tooth decay.
However, people who stopped smoking could reduce their risk within a short time, the researchers write in the "Journal of Dental Research".
However, it could take more than ten years before the risk falls back to the level of non-smokers, explained first author Thomas Dietrich of the English University of Birmingham.
One had to convince people to become non-smokers, explained Heiner Boeing, head of the study at DIfE: "Smoking shortens the life span.
Not smoking is good for the lungs and blood vessels and, according to our findings, also leads to good dental health up to an advanced age.
In Germany, over 20 percent of the population between the ages of 65 and 74 is affected by toothlessness, the DIfE reported.
Earlier studies had already indicated that smoking increases the risk of early tooth loss.
The new long-term study substantiates the findings.
Archaeologists come across remains from late antiquity on the banks of the Rhine in Cologne
Once again, archaeological finds have been made on the right bank of the Rhine in Cologne.
Near the construction site for the new Rhine boulevard, archaeologists from the Roman-Germanic Museum have excavated skeletons and remains of historical buildings, said museum director Marcus Trier on Tuesday.
Since the beginning of construction work on the Rhine, historians have been searching for so-called ground monuments.
The museum is always consulted as a specialist office for archaeological ground monument conservation for all building projects in the Cologne urban district.
The archaeologists have now found what they were looking for in the third construction phase of the Rhine Boulevard.
It was already known from text documents that a fortress had stood at the site in the 4th century and a church in the 8th century, explained Trier.
In addition to the remains of the fortress and the church tower, a cemetery with around 350 graves was discovered, which probably belonged to the church.
Young woman freight train
After a young woman died in an accident at the train station in Geilenkirchen-Lindern, the federal police asked the population for help.
Early Wednesday morning around 1.40 a.m., the woman, coming from the direction of the station building, crossed the tracks at the end of the platform and was caught by a freight train coming from Mönchengladbach.
According to the federal police, she suffered severe injuries by being caught in the train.
She received emergency medical treatment on site and was brought to a hospital by rescue workers.
The investigating officers have no information about the reason for the young woman's night-time crossing of the tracks.
The incident may have been observed by witnesses or residents may have heard acoustic perceptions.
Residents or passers-by of Linderner Bahn, Ziegelbäckerweg, Thomashofstraße and Leiffarther Straße (L364) are eligible.
Information that provides information about the cause of the accident can be obtained from the Federal Police hotline, which is available around the clock and free of charge, by calling 0800/6888000 or any other police station.
EU Commission proposes new court in TTIP dispute
To defuse the dispute over the planned transatlantic free trade agreement TTIP, the EU Commission has proposed a comprehensive reform of the current arbitration system.
The controversial private arbitration bodies for disputes between corporations and states are thus to be replaced by a more transparent system, which in its mode of operation corresponds much more to traditional courts.
"We want to create a system that citizens trust," said Cecilia Malmström, the EU Commissioner responsible, at the presentation.
The Swede intends to introduce the proposal as a European negotiating position in the free trade talks with the USA.
The German government announced support.
TTIP is intended to create the largest free trade zone in the world with 800 million people.
The plans to reform the current arbitration procedures specifically provide for the EU states and the USA to jointly select independent judges for a new investment court.
They are to come in equal parts from the EU, the US and third countries.
A second instance is also planned for the first time.
It would allow for appeals against judgments.
Up to now, the parties to the proceedings agreed among themselves on arbitrators; there was no possibility to appeal against their decisions.
In the discussion over the past months it has become clear that citizens did not trust the old ISDS system in terms of fairness and justice, Malmström commented.
In the long term, it says it wants to work towards an International Investment Court.
For example, disputes between Chinese companies and EU states could be settled there.
The investor-state arbitration proceedings (ISDS), which are mainly demanded by large corporations, are considered to be one of the main reasons for the great resistance in Europe against TTIP.
Opponents criticise the traditional arbitration courts as a kind of parallel justice through which companies can claim damages at the taxpayer's expense, undermine national laws or enforce a reduction in consumer and environmental standards.
In initial comments, anti-TTIP organisations such as Campact described the proposals of the EU Commission as insufficient.
The main criticism was that they should not apply to the already negotiated free trade agreement with Canada (Ceta).
The German State Secretary for Economic Affairs, Matthias Machnig (SPD), on the other hand, described the plans as great progress.
In the reform, the Commission is taking into account key points which Federal Economics Minister Sigmar Gabriel had worked out in spring with other EU trade ministers.
The old system of private arbitration courts is off the table.
The French government also welcomed Malmström's plans.
The European business association BusinessEurope warned against restricting business' ability to take legal action by introducing too many new rules.
Especially small and medium-sized enterprises could be disadvantaged by this, it was said.
It remained unclear on Wednesday when the talks on the free trade agreement TTIP (Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership) could be concluded.
The negotiations have been underway since mid-2013.
However, the issue of investor protection has not yet been discussed with the USA.
Originally, a framework for the agreement should be in place by the end of this year.
This date is considered to be no longer tenable.
Delicate Folk by Sufjan Stevens in Hamburg
Eleven years ago Sufjan Stevens sits on stage in the Prime Club in Cologne (today: Luxor).
Next to him is a flipchart on which the shy-looking folk singer has recorded the picturesque US state of Michigan in felt-tip pen.
The entire audience, about 40 people, is almost moved by Steven's lecture.
He uses various locations, which he repeatedly draws on the map, to tell about what his meticulously and delicately arranged songs tell.
Where they were created and what it looks like there, in his home country.
Since then, Stevens has proven to be a wonderfully creative lunatic.
With the third album "Greetings from Michigan: The Great Lake State", released in 2003, cleverly composed songs are released, which harmonically nestle very close to American folk of the late sixties, but can drift into the great opulent at any time.
The rumor arises that "Michigan" would be the first part of a daring series: Each of the 50 US states would be sung about in succession.
But already in 2004 and near the Rhine, "Seven Swans" has been released and positively breaks certain expectations.
Stevens appears here in a reduced form.
Live, guitar and banjo are enough for him.
One year later, the New York-based musician returns to the series.
With "Illinois" ("Sufjan Stevens Invites You To: Come on Feel The Illinoise"), a widely acclaimed masterpiece was released in 2005.
Overflowing with ideas and stylistic finesse.
The album entered the American Billboard Charts and is not missing in any annual best list of the influential music media.
After extremely productive experiments, Stevens then uses very extensive electronic set pieces on "The Age of Adz" (2010).
This sixth decent studio album is still broadly orchestrated, but carried by programmed sequences or beats and plays with all kinds of effects and reverb.
Long since emerging from the smaller clubs, the stage shows here become a colourful spectacle of neon headbands and large fluorescent stage decorations.
Currently Sufjan Stevens is touring Germany as part of a five-piece band.
In the dark Hamburger Mehr!
Theatre he mainly presents the "Carrie & Lowell", which has been available since March.
Although almost 2000 guests are now sitting spellbound in their chairs, Stevens, who has matured considerably, returns to intimacy and folk.
Without a word to the audience, the group of excellent musicians plays through the broadly enriched album.
From the audience one hears: the performance is "more opulent" and one could "basically throw away the record".
Only to an encore Stevens modestly thanks the band, plays acoustically few older songs and finally bows down under thunderous applause.
Jeremy Corbyns debut at Prime Minister's Question Time
Since his election, Mr Corbyn's debut at the Prime Minister's Question Time is eagerly awaited
The new Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is due to make his debut at the Prime Minister's Question Time and is expected to take on David Cameron for the first time.
Mr Corbyn will rise to ask the first of his six pre-set questions shortly after midday, with his performance likely to be closely scrutinised by the media and Labour MPs.
He called for "less theatre and more facts" at this weekly event.
He also said that he could skip some meetings to leave them to colleagues.
The meeting will be the first parliamentary test for Mr Corbyn's leadership as it comes after his appointment as a member of the shadow cabinet and after his speech at the TUC annual meeting on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, the Labour leader's decision to remain in silence while singing the national anthem on Tuesday at a commemoration of the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has provoked criticism from a number of Tory MPs and has been the focus of several front page stories in the newspapers.
Mr Corbyns' decision not to sing the national anthem has attracted attention
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said that he had "stood in respectful silence" and he had acknowledged the "heroism of the Royal Air Force in the Battle of Britain".
But a member of Mr Corbyns shadow cabinet, Owen Smith, told the BBC Two Newsnight programme that he advised the Labour leader to sing the national anthem "regardless" of his belief that the monarchy should be abolished.
Nearly a dozen Shadow ministers have refused to serve on Mr Corbyn's top team, citing economic, defence and foreign policy differences, while less than a sixth of the Parliamentary Party originally supported him as leader.
BBC's political correspondent Robin Brant says that political differences are "piling up" even within Labour, following Mr Corbyn's comments on the position on the European Union and the limits on profits.
Mr Corbyn told the TUC conference that Labour was putting forward amendments to remove the whole idea of a limit altogether.
Hours later Mr Smith, the Shadow Labour and Pensions Minister, said that the party was "very clear" that it was only against government plans to lower the limit from £26,000 to £23,000.
Mr Corbyn will be the fifth Labour leader to face David Cameron, since becoming Tory leader, across the parliamentary dispatch box in the last decade.
The Labour leader, who has promised a different policy approach, says he has "crowd-sourced" ideas for questions to Mr Cameron and has been given more than 30,000 suggestions.
The Islington North MP has said that the Prime Minister's Question Time is too confrontational, and that he will refrain from both "repartee" and barbed arguing, and instead has chosen to focus on serious issues such as poverty, inequality and the challenges facing young people.
Mr Corbyn has said that Angela Eagle, the Shadow Minister of Economics, will represent him when he is not attending - for example when Mr Cameron is travelling abroad.
He also brought up the idea that other colleagues occasionally take the floor and that he had approached John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons, to discuss the issue.
When he became leader in 2005, Mr Cameron said that he wanted to move away from politics in the style of "Punch and Judy show", which is often linked to the Prime Minister's Question Time. But a few years later he admitted that he had failed in this.
As it was first broadcast on television in 1990, Question Time with the Prime Minister was seen as the main barometer of a leader's judgement and his leadership in the House of Commons and his standing among his fellow MPs, although critics have argued that it has become a caricature and needs far-reaching reform.
'Shot in Joburg': Homeless young people trained as photographers
The city centre of Johannesburg is a tough place when you are homeless.
But a group of former street children have found a way to learn a skill and earn a living from it.
"I was shot in Joburg" is a non-profit studio that teaches homeless young people how to take pictures of their surroundings and make a profit.
BBC News has met one of the first graduates of the project.
How to share your stories, pictures and videos with BBC News
Every day BBC News - on television, radio and online - brings you the latest stories from around the world... but what we want to hear are the topics that matter to you.
The role you play in creating the messages is very important.
Whether it's news or a topic you're presenting, your contribution can make a difference.
Did you see an event or were you affected by it?
Is something significant, bizarre or unusual happening in your environment?
Do you have a story to tell or is there something you think you should pursue?
Are there any topics on which you would like to start discussions?
What would you like to comment on?
Or do you want to find out what others talk about?
Terms and conditions for sending contributions to the BBC.
Here are the different ways to send your contributions:
Contact us on Twitter
We can use your tweets by using your Twitter username on BBC productions.
Send us a message on WhatsApp
Send us a picture, video or message to our WhatsApp number + 44-7525-900971
In some cases your text, as well as your images, can be used for a BBC production.
We will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to), but we will never publish your mobile phone number.
You send us your pictures and videos or an SMS to 61124.
Or if you are outside the UK, call the international number +44 7624 800 100.
You can download the BBC News app to iOS or Android devices and send us pictures or articles using the buttons in the app.
Send us your stories and comments by e-mail to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
We make every effort to read all your emails, but due to the volumes we receive each day, it is not always possible to answer them all individually.
Send us your pictures, video or audio recordings by e-mail to yourpics@bbc.co.uk
If we use your material in BBC programmes or online, we will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to), but we will never publish your email address.
You can also upload your video or pictures.
We will publish your name as you provide it, unless you ask us not to do so.
Pound sterling rises due to accelerated wage growth in the United Kingdom
The pound rose sharply according to data indicating an increase in UK wage growth. At the same time, the FTSE 100 was increased by the bidding target SABMiller.
Between May and July, the result excluding bonuses in the United Kingdom grew by 2.9% compared with the same period of the previous year.
Since 2009, this percentage has been the fastest and most accurate estimate of the timing of an interest rate increase.
The pound rose by more than 1% against the dollar to $1.5505 and had climbed up to 0.84% against the euro to €1.3730.
The FTSE 100 Index closed with a 1.49% increase to 6,229.21.
SABMiller was the outstanding share in the market and jumped 20% after receiving a takeover bid from rival AB InBev.
A transaction would combine the two largest brewers in the world, bringing together brands such as Budweiser, Stella Artois, Peroni and Grolsch.
Burberry shares were up 0.9% after encouraging news from rival luxury goods group Richemont.
Richemont's latest sales figures beat all expectations and also showed that sales in China - a key market for Burberry - are growing again.
Glencore shares rose 5% after the mining giant said it had raised $2.5 billion by selling shares as part of its strategy to reduce debt.
The shares of the packaging and paper group Mondi were the biggest losers on the index, with a fall of 4.3% after Goldman Sachs set its rating for the company Rating to "sell".
JD Sports increased by 3.1% after the sportswear company reported pre-tax earnings of 46.6 million for the half-year.
The head of JD Sports says that higher wages are endangering the expansion.
JD Sports CEO Peter Cowgill says that a higher minimum wage for UK workers could mean "more spending power in the pockets of potential customers".
But it is unlikely that this purchasing power will compensate for the higher labor costs at his company, he says.
The costs could affect JD Sports' expansion plans, he added, and that could mean fewer additional jobs.
Justin Bieber in the capital: On Bieber expedition in Berlin
Justin Bieber, megastar.
Lappish 21 years young, a linnet with a fancy haircut.
The guy with the platinum blond hair is worth 100 million euros.
More so, actually.
Monsieur Bieber is currently in Berlin.
And the U17 generation is going crazy.
Like Viktoria Rudzinska.
The 15-year-old has never heard the name "Ritz Carlton".
No big deal.
Hundreds of fans accompanied Justin yesterday.
Among them Ewa and Viktoria from Poland.
Since 7 am, however, the Polish woman has been sitting on the cold stone slabs in front of the Berlin luxury hotel at Potsdamer Platz.
The Bieber Building: This is where her idol, whose posters hang in droves in Szczecin, has lived since Monday evening.
The suite, in which the Canadian singer lives, costs the same per day as her mum Ewa earns in half a year.
If anything.
She says: "Actually, my Victoria should be in the 10th grade of the grammar school."
"I'm giving her a dream come true."
Compulsory schooling?
Who cares?
Not the fans.
Nor does Bieber himself.
He's all set anyway.
He collected three million for the advertising during the commercial break of the Superbowl, a two-year deal with an anti-pimple company washed many, many dollars into the Bieber account.
And with every doll that looks like him and walks over the counter, Bieber also collects money.
When Justin Bieber drinks a coffee, you're amazed at the window pane.
He is said to have gotten more than 100 million like that.
Some say the hype goes too far.
Others emphasize that Bieber is after all number 1 with his new single "What do you mean?", especially in the USA and Great Britain.
Bieber himself, whose fourth album is to follow in November, is not interested in the many zeros for the time being.
At least he pretends to.
Pegida poster gives Lebanese people the idea of a potato kebab
Potatoes or kebab?
It works both ways - in the potato kebab developed by the Oldenburg snack bar owner Hani Alhay.
Inspired by the saying "Potato instead of kebab" on a poster of the Pegida movement, Alhay put potato and meat together on a skewer.
He got the idea from a poster at a Pegida demonstration with the inscription "Potatoes instead of kebab", which he had seen on television by chance.
Since then, a barbecue skewer has been spinning in his shop, loaded with meat and potatoes.
"It's multicultural for the stomach," says Alhay.
In the meantime, the Lebanese has registered the idea with the patent office in Munich.
According to the authority, it has recently been protected there as a utility model.
Alhay therefore does not want to reveal how much meat and how many potatoes the skewer contains.
Just this much: "It tastes even better together," he thinks.
The culinary international understanding is also well received by his customers.
Metcash launches down-to-earth campaign to combat Aldi incursion
Metcash is trying to protect the IGA branches from an Aldi deployment in South Australia and Western Australia.
Food wholesaler Metcash has launched a down-to-earth campaign to defend the market share of IGA retailers in South Australia and Western Australia in the run-up to a $700 million Aldi invasion.
As Aldi prepares to open two distribution centres and the first 120 stores in South Australia and Western Australia early next year, Metcash and IGA supermarkets are strengthening their relationships with local food suppliers and building the IGA brand through mainstream marketing and social media marketing, as well as events such as the Adelaide show.
IGA retailers and suppliers are jumping on board, with brands such as Dunsborough ice cream maker Simmo, who distributes samples in IGA stores, and shopkeepers who sell discounted tickets to the South Australian Football League to loyal customers.
Metcash is expected to release further details of its defense strategy on September 29 when the food, alcohol and equipment wholesaler holds its annual investor strategy day.
The stakes are high as South Australia and Western Australia account for nearly 30 percent of Metash's IGA stores and generate higher profit margins than Metash's IGA network in the Eastern States.
Buyers in South Australia and Western Australia are notoriously provincial and IGA retailers have a much stronger market share than in New South Wales, Victoria and Queensland - over 30 per cent in South Australia and 24 per cent in Western Australia compared to around 14 per cent in the Eastern States.
However, analysts such as Morgan Stanley believe that twelve months after opening its first stores, Aldi will snatch away about five percent of the grocery market in these two states, taking sales away from all existing players, but mostly independent retailers.
According to a report released this week, Morgan Stanley analyst Tom Kierath estimated that IGA retailers could lose $360 million in sales per year and Metcash $250 million by the end of 2016.
This forecast is based on the assumption that next year Aldi will open 25 stores in SA and 30 in WA, and will achieve sales of $500 million and $600 million in each store.
The loss in the food and grocery business and volumes on Metcash's high fixed cost base could cost Metcash approximately $13 million in earnings before interest and taxes, Mr Kierath said.
At the same time, Metcash is losing market share in the Eastern States, mainly to Aldi and Coles, although a recent survey by Roy Morgan found that IGA shoppers are the most loyal.
Morgan Stanley estimates that Metcash's sales in the food and grocery business will fall by 3.8 percent in 2016, 4.1 percent in 2017 and 2.1 percent in 2018, reducing its market share from 14 percent in 2015 to 10.3 percent by 2020.
Last week, leading fund manager Hamish Douglass, the founder of Magellan Financial Group, told a business dinner in Melbourne that Metcash is likely to be within a decade. Metcash disappear.
Metcash refused to respond publicly to Mr Douglass' comments.
But it is believed that a Metcash board member contacted Mr Douglass last week.
IGA's market share has declined from 18 percent to 14 percent since 2010, and revenues from Metca's food and grocery business, which serves approximately 1,200 IGA retailers, have fallen 43 percent since 2012, reflecting operational debt reduction while putting pressure on sales and margins.
However, the wholesaler is fighting back and investing more than $150 million to match retail prices with Coles and Woolworths on hundreds of products each week, helping IGA retailers improve their stores with faster-growing fresh foods and delivering a better choice of private-label foods.
Metcash's chief executive, Ian Morrice, says that price adjustments and store redevelopment programmes will gain momentum and hopes that the wholesaler will return to profit growth in 2017 for the first time in four years.
Thanasi Kokkinakis is supported by the president of the Australian Tennis Federation Steve Healy
Thanasi Kokkinakis deserves more praise than criticism for his behaviour.
Thanasi Kokkinakis was one of the "collateral damage" in the recent storm around his friend Nick Kyrgios and, according to Steve Healy, president of the Australian Tennis Federation, deserves praise rather than criticism for his own behaviour.
Kokkinakis, the younger of the talented duo, which is often referred to as the "Special Ks", came into the limelight at the Montreal Masters through Kyrgios' notorious clash with Stan Wawrinka.
In a fiery qualifying match in Cincinnati soon after, Kokkinakis and his opponent Ryan Harrison had to be separated twice by the referee, with Harrison exclaiming, "Wawrinka should have beaten Kyrgios and I should beat the kid.
While he was last seen smashing a tennis racket after a spasm thwarted a potential US open win by Richard Gasquet, Kokkinakis was steadfastly defended by Healy.
The teenager is currently in Glasgow, competing with Sam Groth for second place in the singles behind Bernard Tomic in the Davis Cup semi-final against Britain.
"One thing that I'm pretty upset about is that I think Thanasi got a little bit involved in the argument," Healy said.
He broke a racket when he lost in the US Open because of a cramp, but he is not the first player who broke a racket out of frustration with himself, and I know Thanasi well enough to know that he is not proud of it.
But, really, he's done extremely well in the US Open, even under the rather provocative circumstances with Harrison and so on, and I think he deserves a lot of recognition.
He has a great team around him, he has a great family around him, and I think he was treated a little too harshly.
He is a very mature 19 year old, he works very hard and he fits in the team and so on, he has never had a problem with the other players, he is respected in the locker room, he trains hard, he is in good shape, he is a very stable and mature young guy and I think he deserves to be judged on his own merits.
Healy also supported the decision not to include Kyrgios in the important preliminary round, which begins on Friday, and he describes the "joint decision" as the right one for everyone, but he assures the Canberra man that he will return to the team as a long-term fixture".
"First of all, we want the team to be completely focused on the competition and not on all the controversy around [Kyrgios]," Healy said.
And I think that Nick made the climb very quickly, as people like Federer and Murray have pointed out. He is rising in the eyes of the public and he has made some bad mistakes and deserves all the criticism he gets, but we try to support him, we try to make him understand the consequences of his actions. Some time out of the limelight, where he can only think about it, I think it's appropriate and it's best for the team and it's best for him.
Europe's refugee crisis: Hungary declares state of emergency, closes the border, holds back refugees
Hungary declared a state of emergency and sealed off the southern border with Serbia on Tuesday, detaining anyone who tried to enter the country illegally. All with the aim of stopping the influx of migrants.
Chaos followed at the border when hundreds of migrants gathered in a no-man's land and Serbian officials reacted with indignation.
The people who had fled from violence were stuck for an unknown period of time in a strip of land on the road between the two checkpoints of the countries, building tents and settling there.
But frustrations grew.
As a police helicopter hovered over them, the migrants chanted "Open the border!" and shouted insults against the Hungarian riot police.
Some rejected food and water in protest.
Serbia's Foreign Minister declared that it was "unacceptable" that migrants were sent back from Hungary while more and more were arriving from Macedonia and Greece.
(Serbia) wants to be part of the solution and not collateral damage.
Talks with Brussels and other countries must take place in the coming days," said Ivica Dacic in Prague.
The turmoil on the Hungarian-Serbian border came one day after the 28-nation bloc failed to agree on a common immigration policy at a contentious meeting in Brussels.
However, the ministers agreed to share the responsibility for 40,000 people who sought refuge in overpowered Italy and Greece. They expressed their hope that eventually - next month or by the end of the year - an agreement would be reached that the EU states would accept another 120,000 refugees, including some from Hungary.
Chancellor Angela Merkel and Austria called for a special summit of the European Union on Tuesday to discuss the continent's immigration crisis.
However, Hungary did not pin its hopes on early action from Brussels or its neighbours.
The state of emergency declared on Tuesday in two southern regions gave authorities more powers to deal with the crisis, allowing them to close off roads and speed up asylum procedures.
Meanwhile, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said that his country also plans to build a barbed-wire fence along its border with Romania to stop the influx of migrants through the country - after it finished a fence on the Serbian border.
CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata reported that even prisoners were used in the race to build the barbed wire fence between Hungary and Serbia.
In recent months, Hungary has become a major bottleneck for many war refugees from Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East and a point of entry to the European Union.
However, Prime Minister Viktor Orban has insisted that most arrivals are economic refugees looking for a better life and not war refugees entitled to protection - a view that strongly contradicts other EU states, including Germany.
The new laws that came into force in Hungary at midnight make it a crime to cross the border or damage the 4-meter (13-foot) high fence that the government had built along the southern border with Serbia. These laws also set higher prison sentences for convicted traffickers.
"Due to the situation created by mass migration, the Hungarian government is declaring a state of emergency," government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs told reporters in the southern city of Szeged.
We say it very clearly: illegal border crossing is a crime.
Parliament has yet to give its procedural approval to the military deployment expected next week, but Associated Press reporters have seen heavily armed soldiers with vehicles and dogs for days at the border.
Gyorgy Bakondi, Orban State Security Advisor, said that authorities caught 45 people trying to cross the border, while 15 others had already penetrated deeper into the country.
They come over by damaging the fence, they are now in police custody and accused of committing crimes under the new laws.
Authorities are in the process of quickly repairing the fence.
Hungarian officials also closed two of the seven border crossings with Serbia on Tuesday morning after a train wagon with barbed wire arrived to close the borders.
Chaos surrounded the main border crossing near Roszke, Hungary, when the Hungarians opened a small office in a metal container to process people's data and a crowd of people pushed to squeeze in.
About 20 managed to get in, but thousands remained outside.
Another group of migrants blocked the main motorway link between Serbia and Hungary, saying that they would refuse food and water until they were allowed to enter Hungary.
Election-2016: Hillary Clinton's lead over Bernie Sanders halved in national poll
Former US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues to hold a double-digit lead in the Democratic race for national nomination, but Senator Bernie Sanders is gaining ground against her.
Clinton now has the support of 47 percent of Democratic voters in the primaries (58 percent previously), while Sanders is in second place with 27 percent (up 17 percent).
Vice President Joe Biden, who has not yet announced whether he will run for president, has the support of 15 percent of the democratic voters in the primaries.
More than five months before the start of the primaries, most democratic voters say that it is too early to say that their opinion has been determined which candidate they will support.
But Clinton's supporters are more consistent in their choice than the other candidates.
Since the CBS News survey, Clinton has lost on a number of demographic groups, while Sanders has made some gains.
Clinton maintains a large lead among women and moderates, but this lead has diminished.
Their support in the men's category has dropped significantly, and Sanders is only 5 points behind here.
Clinton's advantage with Democratic voters under 50 has evaporated, and she and Sanders are now on an equal footing.
Clinton, however, still has a big lead among older voters.
Last month Clinton was ahead of Sanders in the Liberals by a double-digit margin, but Sanders now has a 5-point lead in that group.
About half of the Democratic voters in the primaries nationwide say that they would enthusiastically support Clinton if nominated by the party.
A quarter would support her with some reservations and another 15 percent would only support her because she is the candidate.
Six percent would not support them.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Clinton's current supporters are particularly enthusiastic about her.
The views are more mixed among those who currently do not support Clinton - only about a quarter would enthusiastically support it.
While 48 percent of Democratic voters in the primaries say they enthusiastically support Clinton, fewer Republican voters say the same about their top candidate Donald Trump (35 percent).
When Clinton's supporters are asked in an open question why they want her to be the candidate, the most common answer is that she has the right experience (16 percent), followed by the view that it is time for a woman to become president (13 percent) and that she is the best candidate for the job (10 percent).
Clinton's supporters also mention her association with Bill Clinton (9 percent).
Agreement to deal with the problems and eligibility are also cited.
Since the vice-president has potential for the presidency, 57 percent of the Democratic voters in the primaries want to see him in the race - although a third believe he should not.
When democratic voters in the primaries are asked who would be their second choice for the party, Biden is in the lead.
Of Clinton's supporters, more than half say that Biden would be their second choice far ahead of Sanders.
If Biden decides not to run for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton's lead over Sanders increases from 20 points with Biden in the race to 30 points without him in the race.
Fifty-five percent of Democratic voters see Clinton as the candidate with the best chance of winning the election; however, this figure has dropped from 78 percent last month.
Biden is by far a second in this measurement, but the percentage that considers him the "most eligible" has increased.
Nevertheless, when asked what is more important to a candidate, democratic voters call questions about eligibility.
Similar to last month, not a single Democratic candidate or potential candidate stands out as unacceptable to these voters in the primaries.
The Democratic candidates or potential candidates perform well on some important characteristics among voters in their party's primary elections.
Majorities consider Clinton, Sanders and Biden to be honest and trustworthy and equipped with strong leadership qualities.
Biden scores best on honesty among the three candidates, while Clinton's strength is leadership.
Thirty percent of Democratic voters do not believe that Clinton is honest and trustworthy, twice as many say that about Sanders (15 percent), but 27 percent have no opinion about him.
Democratic voters in primaries generally also see Clinton, Sanders and Biden ideologically in line with their views.
In all these measurements, about a quarter of democratic voters have no opinion of Sanders.
As questions continue to be asked about Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email address and server during her term as secretary of state, most Democratic voters in the primaries are satisfied with her explanation of the matter and say that overall it has not affected their opinions.
But it is a different story in the American public at large.
Half of the Americans are now dissatisfied with their statement, while only about a third are satisfied.
Public opinion was divided on this issue in March, shortly after the problem came to light.
Most Americans said the e-mail controversy had no effect on their general opinion of Clinton, although 36 percent said their opinion of her had worsened.
It is mainly Republicans, more than six out of 10, who say that their views of Clinton have deteriorated.
Although Clinton is seen as honest and trustworthy by her party's voters, this continues to be a problem for her among registered voters overall: only 32 percent see her as honest and trustworthy, eight percent less than last month and 15 points less since May.
62 percent of voters do not consider her to be an honest and trustworthy person.
At the same time, 55 percent of voters nationwide also view Trump as dishonest and untrustworthy.
However, Clinton and Trump get good marks for leadership.
Of the six candidates tested, Biden, Carson and Bush scored best on honesty.
A majority sees Sanders more as honest, but like Carson, many have no opinion of him.
The error rate for the sample of 351 democratic voters in the primary elections is 6 percentage points.
Ben Carson moves close behind Donald Trump in national poll
Ben Carson is close behind Donald Trump in the latest CBS News/New York Times survey
The two candidates now account for half of the voters' support in the new poll, and others are losing ground dramatically
Republican voters continue to support Trump in large numbers nationwide. Support grows from 23% in the latest CBS survey conducted before Fox News debate last month to 27% in Tuesday's survey.
But Carson shot up from 6 % to 23 % over the same period.
The survey also found that Carson is well received by demographic groups and outperforms Trump among Republican voters with a college education.
The rest of the field, with the exception of Carly Fiorina and Ohio Governor John Kasich, is tied with Wisconsin's Governor Scott Walker, who has fallen the deepest, from 10% support last month to now 2%.
Former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee and Florida Senator Marco Rubio are in third place with 6%.
The margin of error in the sample of 376 Republican voters in this latest survey is plus or minus 6% and was conducted in September.
The latest CNN/ORC poll, released last week, shows Carson rising in the polls - he ends up with 19% support among Republicans, behind Trump with 32% support.
The latest survey by ABC News/Washington Post also showed Trump well ahead of Carson.
Looking at a Carson rising in the last week, Trump found some side blows for the former neurosurgeon, even after Carson apologized for questioning Trump's faith.
"We need energy," Trump said last Saturday during a campaign appearance in Iowa.
Pleasant bathing temperatures: The eastern Mediterranean is currently up to 29 degrees.
Even if peak values are only measured in the distance, a trip to the Mediterranean Sea is enough for bathing tourists to find still warm water.
A bath in the North Sea or Baltic Sea should be a rather short pleasure at a maximum of 17 degrees.
Some people don't go into the sea anymore: The water in the North and Baltic Sea has a maximum of 18 degrees this week, the German Weather Service (DWD) reports.
The Mediterranean Sea, on the other hand, continues to offer bathing temperatures: in the east, they can even reach 29 degrees.
In the Adriatic Sea, the peak temperature is 25 degrees, in France 23 degrees.
The Red Sea in Egypt comes to 28 degrees.
Five members of the Brotherhood charged with the death of a Baruch college freshman
Nearly two years after a student died during a harassing ritual at a fraternity in Pocono Mountains, Pennsylvania, murder charges have been filed against five people.
Members of New York's Baruch College Pi Delta Psi Brotherhood brutally attacked Chun "Michael" Deng during an initiation ritual in September 2013 and delayed his transport to hospital, contributing to his death, police said.
Officials said he had been blindfolded with a 30-pound backpack full of sand and repeatedly attacked while trying to make his way across a frozen field towards a target.
Mr. Deng finally complained of a headache, then passed out.
Members of the Pi Delta Psi Brotherhood did not call 911 after Deng fainted and allegedly waited an hour before taking him to a hospital, police said.
However, they had time to change Deng's clothes, google his symptoms and contact Andy Meng, the national president of the Brotherhood, for advice, police chief Chris Wagner said at a press conference.
"At this point, the members began to hide paraphernalia and basically put the welfare of the Brotherhood above that of Michael Deng," said police chief Wagner.
He could not be resuscitated, and he died the next morning from his injuries.
According to an autopsy report, Deng was repeatedly subjected to blunt force injuries to the head, trunk and thighs.
"Too many families were destroyed by the Brotherhood's harassment. At least one student has died of the harassment every year since 1970," said Douglas Fierberg, a lawyer representing Deng's family, in a statement.
Fraternities and their members must be held accountable, and this step by public authorities is very important.
A county grand jury of Monroe recommended a third degree murder charge for the first five members.
Thirty-two members of the Brotherhood, including Mr Meng, are also charged with harassing attacks and forming a criminal organisation.
"We don't want to blame only the people involved, but if there is an organization that has sanctioned this - officially or unofficially - we will also hold them accountable," Wagner said at a press conference on Tuesday.
The Baruch College has banned the fraternity, and the national fraternity has revoked its affiliation with the local chapter.
This is what will happen if the Fed raises rates
An interest rate hike will come and the bull market will start to sway, bond yields will rise and the economy will slide into recession.
We know that.
What we don't know is how long all this will take and how long it will last.
In particular, the story offers little guidance to the business community on how to proceed.
A recession came within just 11 months of the first interest rate hike and lasted 86 months.
The Federal Reserve's aggressiveness in raising interest rates is often, though not always, a factor in how the economy and financial assets react.
This is why representatives of the US Federal Reserve have so vehemently emphasized that investors should not focus on when it starts to raise interest rates, but rather on the period of time needed for normalization.
In fact, several variables play a role.
In the end, however, market participants may find that all the excitement over a rate hike may have been exaggerated.
"The Fed's first increase since the global financial crisis will inevitably be interpreted by some as a signal for the end of the era of 'cheap money'," said Julian Jessop, chief economist at Capital Economics, in a statement to clients.
In contrast, we do not expect US interest rates to gradually return to normal levels, but still at levels too low to lead to the seismic shock that many seem to fear.
However, this does not mean that there will be no impact.
Here is a look at how some sectors of the economy might react, based on historical trends:
As the market saw last month, anticipating rate hikes can make things volatile for a while.
Once the raise arrives, the impact is not so dramatic.
"There seems to be a tendency for asset returns to stall 12 to 24 months after the initial increase, which may again reflect the lag in monetary policy," said Deutsche Bank analysts in a recent study of what happens after Fed rate hikes.
More specifically, the market has been on an uptrend for most of the past 35 years - about 14 percent - on its way to raise rates, fairly flat for the 250 days after that (average gain of 2.6 percent), then back to normal after 500 days, with an average return of 14.4 percent over the past six previous cycles, according to a recent analysis published by Bob Doll, chief investment strategist at Nuveen Asset Management, at Barron's.
Deutsche Bank said that the impact on equities tends to occur later in the rise cycle and that the yield starts to decline.
Recessions are a fact of economic life, but interest rate hikes often encourage them.
In the current case, the Fed is facing some conditions that did not exist before and that could accelerate a recession.
Most notably, GDP will be close to its lowest point in the event of a Fed rate hike.
According to Deutsche Bank, in the 118 interest rate hikes since 1950, nominal GDP was only twice below 4.5 percent.
Although the second quarter of 2015 was at 3.6 percent, few expect this to continue and, according to the Atlanta Fed, only 1.5 percent expect the third quarter to show a decline.
Interest rate hikes in such a fragile economic environment could be risky and raise the question "if it's different this time," said Deutsche Bank.
Market participants have been preparing for a Fed rate hike all year, and all eyes were on this week's Federal Open Market Committee meeting, which ends on Thursday.
While many strategists and economists believe that the FOMC could approve an increase in this meeting, futures trading only gives a 25 percent probability.
"In our study, all of the rise cycles from 1950 to the present have been in a super-cycle with increasing momentum in GDP, dwarfing pre-recession highs very quickly after the start of the recovery," the report says.
In contrast, this is clearly a slow recovery from what was the worst recession in the observed period.
The current cycle is by far the longest the Fed has waited for since the end of the last recession; the record was 35 months, and that is 74 months so far.
Fixed income was also volatile as the market anticipates an interest rate hike and the pattern is quite similar to the capital market.
The main difference is that the effect is faster for bonds than for equities when they change their strategic course.
For bonds, yields seem to change direction as soon as the first increase/decrease in the cycle occurs.
At the end of the cycle of increases, bond yields fall immediately, Deutsche Bank said.
Charles Schwab's strategists believe that the rise in interest rates will cause yields between longer and shorter bonds to move closer together, flattening the curve.
High-yield bonds often bring better returns in such a climate, although "we are still cautious about expecting higher returns," said Kathy Jones, fixed-income analyst at Schwab, in an analysis.
Interestingly, Jones says that the markets have already adjusted to Fed strategy expectations.
"In addition to the strength of the dollar and the decline in inflation expectations, there are some signs that the market has adjusted to the prospect of tighter monetary policy," she wrote.
Short-term interest rates have risen, the yield curve is flatter, credit spreads have widened and volatility has increased - all features of the market when the Fed tightens its strategy.
By and large, companies that do most of their business in the US will benefit as interest rates rise and local products become more attractive.
Multinational companies with high debts will be worse off, as a rising dollar will make their products more expensive on the global market, as will the financing of their debts.
"History shows that "quality" stocks tend to react extremely positively three months after an initial rate hike," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report to clients.
Companies with strong balance sheets outperformed companies with weak balance sheets by an average of 5 percentage points after each of the interest rate increases in 1994, 1999 and 2004.
Companies with high returns on capital and low stock volatility also outperformed their low quality counterparts by an average of 4 (percentage points) and 3 (percentage points) respectively.
Debt is becoming a big problem.
Companies with a high proportion of flexible interest rates will lose the most, Goldman said.
Outside of pure equity games, consumers will also benefit from the rising dollar.
Savers could see gains through higher returns, although experts disagree on how quickly this will happen.
BBC Radio 3 is a copy of Classic FM, says MP Andrew Bingham
The Conservative Member of Parliament criticized the station for its "stultification".
He argues that he is increasingly indistinguishable from commercial rivals.
He also targeted the BBC Music Awards and said that they only imitated The Brits
Parliamentary colleague Damien Collins attacked the program The Voice and said that it was not very original.
BBC Radio 3 "is changing" to Classic FM, claims a leading member of parliament and increases new pressure on the station to prove that he is doing something that the private stations do not.
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham also told the BBC bosses that the public service radio station was "dumb" and increasingly indistinguishable from its commercial competitors.
"Radio 3 seems - I don't like to use the word 'dumb down' - but it seems to be turning into Classic FM," he said.
He also targeted the BBC Music Awards, which started last December.
The BBC Music Awards, which started last year, just seems to be The Brits under a different name.
So if you try to do something else - these are two spontaneously mentioned examples where you are actually just imitating what is already on the market," said Mr Bingham.
BBC general director rejected the allegations, arguing that BBC Radio 3 was far ahead of its commercial competitors when it came to live music and public education.
What I learn from Radio 3, I won't learn about classical music anywhere else.
And there is a commitment to live music and making music that is truly unsurpassed.
"And I think Radio 3's commitment to finding new music and commissioning new works is really important," he said.
Earlier this year, BBC Radio 3 controller Alan Davey argued that more work needs to be done to engage audiences than they have done in the past because the British are less informed about classical music.
However, Radio 3 was not the only element of the BBC production that came under fire during the hearing in the Committee on Culture, Media and Sport for stepping on the toes of its commercial rivals.
Tory MP Damien Collins attacked The Voice - the BBC's musical talent show bought by Dutch producer Talpa Media for an estimated £22 million.
Do you see why this program is often discussed, because it is not original and not very distinctive?
Lord Hall insisted that the BBC 1 show - with Paloma Faith and Boy George as judges - was produced "in a special BBC way".
He added that he hoped that the company would "find a hit from our in-house stable" the next time it launches an entertainment series.
However, he refused to rule out ordering more series from The Voice in the future or to spend money from fee payers on other entertainment formats.
Internet sales rose the slowest in August and Black Friday may be responsible
In the first three months of 2015 there was a seven percent increase in online sales.
Last month saw the lowest result since records began in 2000
Online sales increased three years ago due to the use of mobile phones for shopping
Experts believe that Black Friday in November has slowed spending
For over a decade virtual shopping has boomed and many of the UK's main shopping streets have been transformed into ghost towns.
But experts say there are now signs that online sales are stagnating, after new figures showed only seven percent in the first three months of 2015.
Total expenditure for August presented the lowest increase in growth since records began in 2000, with only five percent year-on-year growth.
Experts say there are signs that online sales are stagnating after new figures showed only seven percent growth in the first three months of 2015
"If you look at the growth rates for previous years and go back to 2000, this has always developed over time," Andy Mulcahy, editor of the IMRG Sales Index told The Guardian.
He explained that online sales increased three years ago, when shoppers started making purchases with their mobile phones.
It meant that more people could shop online and that people could do so in different environments, such as at home on the sofa.
But now it is levelling off and we may see growth slow down.
The Black Friday phenomenon imported from America is cited as one reason for the drop in sales.
Experts believe that buyers are holding back their purchases before this event, which takes place on the last Friday in November.
Last year, five times the average number of shoppers gathered around their computers to make their bargains, and some merchant websites crashed.
Experts believe that Black Friday, when buyers fought each other for bargains, could discourage buyers from making purchases.
A study by the British Retail Consortium found that out of every £5 spent, just over £1 was spent online.
For some products, such as televisions and washing machines, more than a third of purchases are now made via web shops.
At the same time, more than a quarter of people buy clothes and shoes online instead of in the fashion chains in the city centres.
Muslims bury those killed in Mecca in crane accident - Bin Laden's family is sanctioned
The bodies of 29 dead are carried through the streets by Muslims at the first funerals in Mecca
Saudi Arabia blames the collapse in part of the huge Saudi bin Laden group
The Ministry of Health said that a total of 394 people were also injured after the crane fell
Hundreds of Muslims gathered as 29 of the victims were carried through the streets to bury those who were killed when a crane collapsed at Mecca's Great Mosque.
Mourners, largely dressed in white, filled the track to pay their respects as the first of the dead made their final journey to the Al-Moaissem cemetery.
The funeral procession passed the holy place, where only days before a construction crane fell through the ceiling of the mosque and then onto the praying people.
The bodies were released for burial when the Saudi king imposed a sanction on the Bin Laden family's construction company for the disaster, which also left 394 injured.
The bodies of 29 prayers who were killed when a crane crashed through the Great Central Mosque of Mecca were carried through the streets.
Among the dead was Qasim Akram of Bolton, Greater Manchester, father of four children, who was on his first pilgrimage when the crane fell.
Mr Akram was with his parents in the Great Mosque before the beginning of the annual Hajj.
Saudi officials have already firmly promised that the Hajj will continue to Mecca with thousands more coming to the city.
Today, King Salman said that the Bin Laden group should not have left the arm of the crane standing when it was not in use.
An Arab version of the decree, published by the state-run Saudi Press Agency, said that the Bin Laden group was partly responsible for the collapse.
The English-language service of the news agency did not report this detail, but said that the management of the company's foreign travel is prohibited.
Earlier this week, Salman vowed to reveal what caused the crane to fall, plunging into a courtyard of the Grand Mosque where hundreds of thousands of Muslims gathered in front of the Hajj, which will take place later this month.
The Bin Laden Group has not issued any statements on the collapse of de Krans, and its representatives were not available for comment.
The Royal Decree also rebuked the group for not having up-to-date security measures and for not cooperating with meteorologists.
Dozens of cranes surround Mecca's Great Mosque as part of the massive construction project led by the Bin Laden Group.
The Bin Laden family has been associated with the ruling family of Saudi Arabia for decades and has taken on major construction projects.
The late leader of Al Qaeda, Osama bin Laden, was a renegade son who was dispossessed by the family in the 1990s.
The crash of the crane came amidst strong winds and rain, just days before the arrival of millions in the Kingdom for the pilgrimage that is required at least once in the life of every healthy Muslim.
Officials said that 158 people remain in the hospital.
Government officials ordered that 1 million rial (£174,000) be paid to the relatives of those killed and the same amount to those permanently injured.
Other injured persons receive half of this amount.
B&Q Boss says that the time of cheap Eastern European craftsmen is over
Britons increasingly employ craftsmen, says Veronique Laury
The number of qualified craftsmen from Eastern Europe has increased
This will lead to the opening of 200 more Screwfix shops targeting craftsmen
At the same time, Kingfisher will close 60 B&Q stores nationwide
By Rupert Steiner, City Chief Correspondent of the Daily Mail
It is claimed that British people are putting down their hammers and brushes in favour of using qualified Eastern European craftsmen to do the work in their homes
If you are skilled with a hammer or brush for painting walls, you seem to be in a minority these days.
Because Britons are increasingly employing craftsmen to do DIY jobs in their homes, according to the head of the company behind B&Q.
Véronique Laury, the new managing director of Kingfisher, which owns the DIY chain, said that a large increase in the number of qualified craftsmen from Eastern Europe offering services at rock-bottom prices is now outdated.
As a result, Kingfisher plans to open 200 more Screwfix shops aimed at craftsmen and to close 60 B&Q sales outlets.
Mrs Laury said she wants to employ more women in B & Q shops, because eight out of ten purchase decisions in the shop are made by women.
At the moment, the majority of the employees are men.
She said that it is necessary to face the growing demographic trends, which have more single female households, which are making more renovations than in the past.
Mrs Laury said: "There is still a majority of men working in our stores.
We need to shift this more towards a balance.
Basically, half of our customers are women, with 80 percent of decisions on the purchase of items being made by women.
Women play a major role in the decision-making process.
Mrs Laury, who is one of only five women at the top of a UK leading company listed in the FTSE100 index, has also restructured her top team to reflect an equal number of men and women in senior management positions.
Kingfisher is almost the only company to have exactly 50 percent of its team staffed by women, including its executive management and CFO.
Mrs Laury said: "This was a conscious decision - diversity is an important issue here.
It was not difficult to find good women for our Supervisory Board.
Kingfisher reported a decline in half-yearly profits and sales after the Group shouldered the cost of closing stores.
Because of the trend, Kingfisher, which owns Screwfix and B&Q, will open 200 new stores.
Officials from Aich/Dob on trial for embezzlement
Two officials of the Austrian volleyball runner-up Aich/Dob had to answer for embezzlement and tax evasion at the Regional Court in Klagenfurt on Wednesday.
The accused pleaded not guilty.
One of them had also been accused of abuse of authority.
He was legally acquitted of this accusation in May.
The current trial has been adjourned.
According to senior prosecutor Robert Riffel, the preliminary investigation revealed that the defendants used funds from association accounts, which they were allowed to dispose of in their functions, for private purposes in the years 2006 to 2011.
He puts the damage at around 400,000 euros.
The sports officials are also accused of financial offences.
This fact was ruled out by the president of the aldermen's senate, Judge Michaela Sanin.
It is to be negotiated at a later date.
As regards the allegation of embezzlement, the defence submitted that the association had not suffered any pecuniary disadvantage at any time.
The sports officials had only charged expense allowances and paid the sports club, for which they had worked from 1982 to 2011 and in which they had invested a lot of time and money, out of debt - the liabilities amounted to approximately 600,000 Schilling (approx. 44,000 Euro) in 2001.
"At that time we were faced with the situation: Do we continue the club or do we close it down," said one of the defendants, a major auditor of the tax office in his bread-and-butter job.
Together with his colleague and co-defendant, he then decided to take on this task.
With all the risks.
"We advanced money, put our life insurance policies in the bank as collateral," he said during the interrogation.
An agreement had been reached with the association: You are free to manage the money, only no debts may be made.
In addition, it was decided to pay out the expense allowances retroactively until 1991, provided that the financial success was sufficient.
Consequently, part of the allowances were paid out years later, namely from 2003, when there was a surplus in the account.
For this reason, lump-sum rather than detailed debits also appeared, the former chairman explained the transactions.
The accounts and passbooks were managed jointly by the two defendants, said the second defendant.
The judge asked why the payments had not been disclosed to the association in detail.
The association was not interested in the details of the financial management, the only important thing was to be free of debt, the answer said.
When in 2011 investigations began against the one functionary for abuse of office, an amount of 120,000 euros was transferred to the association's account.
These were reserves, the defendants explained.
This securities account was in the name of the second defendant and, according to his statement, was not known to the association.
"Why?" the judge wanted to know.
The interviewee did not know the answer to this question for a long time.
Then he finally said that he believed that this was the best thing for the club.
If something had happened to him, no one would have known about this money, the prosecutor put in the room.
The co-defendant had been informed, the functionary justified himself.
This transfer was formulated as "damage compensation".
Why settle? The judge and the prosecutor wanted to know
The first defendant then stated that he did not agree with this formulation because the association had never suffered any damage.
But what am I supposed to do when the lawyer says, "You're all off the hook with him"?
"Am I a legal representative?" he asked.
Furthermore, the functionary said that he had never received a cent in salary, he had only charged mileage and diets.
He had charged the association 1,000 euros per month for diets, but the actual expenditure was much higher, he added.
The defendants were not able to produce exact documents for the early years.
These were no longer kept after an audit in which everything was assessed as correct, they explained.
The second defendant had also received mileage allowance.
All repairs had been made in cash, for which he had had to travel from his place of residence, Völkermarkt, to the bank in Bleiburg, he explained in his statement.
The main hearing will continue on 23 September with the questioning of witnesses.
Hewlett-Packard cuts another 30,000 jobs
In addition to the staff cuts that have been underway for three years, the computer giant will cut more jobs when the company is split up.
The job cuts at US computer giant Hewlett-Packard (HP) are not ending.
As part of its restructuring, the US technology group plans to cut 25,000 to 30,000 jobs in its corporate customer division.
This is expected to save costs of 2.7 billion dollars (2.4 billion euros), the company announced on Tuesday.
The step will lead to a special charge of about 2.7 billion dollars, which will be incurred from the fourth quarter onward.
The reduction of 55,000 jobs, which has been ongoing for three years, has not yet been completed.
HP still employed around 302,000 people at the end of the 2013/14 financial year.
After-market, the Hewlett-Packard share fell 2.3 percent.
The group from Palo Alto, California, which grew up with printers, is currently splitting up: the computer and printer business is to be bundled in a new company before the end of this year - separate from the more promising areas with computer servers and data storage for companies and other services.
Both business units are to be listed on the stock exchange.
Disappointing PC sales and weaker demand from corporate customers for its services have recently affected the world's second largest PC manufacturer after Lenovo.
In the third quarter of the financial year at the end of July, sales of PCs and printers fell by 11.5 per cent.
Sales fell by 8 percent to almost 25.4 billion dollars.
As a result, revenues declined in 15 of 16 quarters.
HP is responding to the changes in the industry with a split and massive job cuts.
The 76-year-old company, led by Meg Whitman, has been slow to respond to the fact that customers are increasingly buying smartphones and tablets instead of traditional computers, and are doing more and more business online.
Whitman's restructuring plans provide for a total reduction of around 55,000 jobs.
Conflicts: majority supports the anti-IS training mission
A direct participation of German soldiers in combat operations in Iraq would, however, meet with rejection by the majority: 54 percent were against it, 35 percent were in favour.
The fact that other states are flying air strikes against the IS in Iraq and Syria is something that 61 percent find positive.
24 percent are against intervening in the conflict.
A cooperation with the Syrian ruler Bashar al-Assad is rejected by 51 percent of the respondents, 20 percent would be in favour.
29 percent could not decide.
Car: Second press day at the 66th IAA
Until 27 September, the trade fair will focus on networked, self-propelled cars and electromobility.
After two press days, German Chancellor Angela Merkel will officially open the 66th International Motor Show on Thursday under the motto "Mobility Unites".
The general public can visit the IAA from Saturday onwards.
As two years ago, the organizers of the VDA car association expect around 900,000 visitors.
Röszke: Outbreak of violence on the Serbian-Hungarian border
The Hungarian police used tear gas and water cannons on the Serbian border near Röszke against several hundred angry refugees.
Euronews correspondent Dániel Bozsik witnessed the outbreak of violence at the border checkpoint.
He reported by telephone:
A group of refugees broke through the border.
Behind it a police line had formed and behind the policemen a water cannon was ready.
40 to 50 refugees began to throw stones, sticks and plastic bottles at the officials.
The officers first used pepper spray without interruption.
Afterwards the police used tear gas.
Much tear gas was sprayed in the direction of the refugees.
The group was thus dissolved.
The refugees have now retreated somewhat, waiting to see what happens.
A pregnant and obviously injured woman was carried away from the zone.
Children who had inhaled the tear gas screamed.
Other refugees collapsed and suffered from shortness of breath.
The press spokesmen of the Serbian police also suffered injuries from the use of tear gas and pepper spray.
Time of decision on interest rates for the US Federal Reserve
The world will watch as the Federal Reserve meets on two days, Wednesday and Thursday, to make the important decision of whether or not to raise interest rates for the first time in almost a decade.
A survey of 80 economists polled by Reuters found that just over half of those who thought the Fed would do so last week now think the Fed will stay a little longer and keep rates at the current level of 0-0.25 percent.
It is a historic event because it is seven years since the Fed set rates to ZERO.
"For the first time, we are approaching a situation where a major central bank may leave the zero band and start a process of normalization of interest rates," said Angel Ubide, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
The US economy is on a relatively good performance level, trillions of dollars are added to the balance sheet and generate only low inflation.
However, the Fed cannot ignore the less rosy outlook for global conditions.
It has warned the markets to prepare for an increase, but the indications are that the chances against such a move are good.
The decision will be announced at 20.00 CET on Thursday
Dead gunman at Delta State University left a letter of apology
After shooting and killing his girlfriend in Mississippi on Monday morning - and before shooting and killing his colleague later that day - Shannon Lamb wrote a note to say he was "sorry" about the first murder and wanted "he could undo it," authorities announced on Tuesday.
The police in Gautier, Mississippi, said that Lamb, a lecturer in geography and social science education at Delta State University, called the emergency number around 10:00 a.m. Monday morning
and said he shot someone and killed someone.
Lamb told the emergency call centre employee that the police had to send policemen to his home.
He said, "I shot my wife last night" and he also mentioned that there was a "cute dog" in the house, but he said "nobody will disturb", but probably will be excited.
The police asked the caller for his name, but he did not give it.
Lamb gave no explanation for his shooting.
When police entered the scene, they found the body of Amy Prentiss, 41, and a handwritten note from Lamb, 45, saying, "I'm so sorry, I wish I could undo it.
I loved Amy, and she's the only woman who ever loved me".
After writing the note, Lamb drove 300 miles to Delta State University, where he killed Ethan Schmidt, a professor of history, before finally taking his own life on Monday night when police surrounded him.
University President William LaForge said he knew nothing about a conflict between Lamb and Schmidt, but "of course there was something in Mr Lamb's mind."
Despite reports on Monday that Lamb allegedly believed that Prentiss also had a relationship with Schmidt, authorities said on Tuesday that there was "no information, no evidence" of a "love triangle".
Prentiss was described as a "good person" by Shawn O'Steen, who testified that they were married for about seven years.
The two were divorced 15 years ago but remained friends.
O'Steen said he and Prentiss had a daughter who was 19 and she was "devastated.
He said that Prentiss and her daughter were "absolutely best friends".
Prentiss worked online from home, according to Linsday Knowles, who was identified by the Sun Herald as a close friend of Prentiss.
Knowles said that Prentiss, who owned a dog named Lightning, had been seeing Lamb for about three years.
"She always wanted to help other people," Knowles said.
The police said Lamb called relatives at a certain time on Monday to tell them "he's not going to jail".
When police caught up with him on Highway 1 near Greenville later that night, Lamb drove his car to the side, fled on foot, ran into the woods and killed himself with one shot.
Lamb received his doctorate from Delta State University in the spring of 2015, as his life story indicates on the university's website.
Stars who have lost their lucky charms
The actor (left), in the picture with his son Redmond (right), had some stressful years.
In 2001 he fought against leukemia, and in 2009 he lost his longtime partner, Farrah Fawcett, due to cancer.
The actor has also allegedly struggled with drugs, and in 2008 he was convicted of drug possession.
I'm sure all this is taking its toll.
Eurowings: Lufthansa is restructuring the Group
Lufthansa is planning a major restructuring of the Group.
The Lufthansa Group wants to save half a billion euros a year just by improving its organisation.
150 of the approximately 1000 managers worldwide will lose their jobs as a result of the Group restructuring.
There are, however, new negotiations with the pilots' union.
Lufthansa is reorganizing its corporate structure and upgrading its low-cost subsidiary Eurowings.
The airline announced on Wednesday that the aim of the realignment is to achieve an annual earnings contribution of around 500 million euros from cost and revenue synergies.
Among other things, Lufthansa will no longer have an executive board for the passenger business.
The low-cost airline Eurowings should be developed as independently as possible.
Karl Ulrich Garnadt will in future be responsible for Eurowings in the executive team headed by Carsten Spohr.
With the new line-up, Spohr underlines the importance of Eurowings, with which the group intends to compete against Ryanair and Easyjet in future.
Up to now, the organisation of the 120,000-strong company was complex.
The airlines operated under the umbrella of the Passenger Airline Group, which accounts for three quarters of the annual turnover of 30 billion euros.
New negotiations with the pilots
In the collective bargaining conflict with the pilots' association Cockpit (VC), negotiations are to be resumed this Thursday after the strike was stopped by the court.
This was announced by the union.
The subject of the discussions will be the retirement scheme for pilots.
Cockpit wants to achieve sustainable results "in a year with a forecast record result" as quickly as possible.
The conflict between the union and the airline led to several strikes in the past months.
In addition to the transitional provision for pilots, the background is the "Wings" savings concept.
It provides for Lufthansa to outsource routes to the Group's own low-cost airline Eurowings in its fight against competitors.
Under the title "Morning Train to the South", paintings by Leena Krüger are on view in the Künstlerhaus.
The Finnish artist, who has been living in Göttingen for a long time, has put together a selection of untitled works for the White Hall of the house, which encourage their viewers to embark on a journey of thought.
Luke Shaw of Manchester United cannot play for months due to double fracture
Luke Shaw suffered a double fracture of his right leg in the Champions League defeat of Manchester at PSV Eindhoven.
While this made the left-back cry and will keep him out of the game for at least six months, Louis van Gaal is not giving up hope that Shaw can play again this season.
The injury was caused by a reckless attack by Héctor Moreno in the 15th minute after 20-year-old Shaw had broken into the PSV area.
He was treated for nine minutes on the pitch and needed oxygen before being taken to hospital.
Van Gaal said, "He's got a double leg fracture and he's in the hospital."
He will be transferred tomorrow or maybe a day later and then operated on in Manchester.
It's terrible - a boy who comes to Manchester United when he's 18, has it very hard and then plays fantastically, and then that happens.
He had an oxygen mask on in the changing room.
He cried.
I am not a doctor, but if you have a double fracture, it will take six months and he will not play in the group phase.
I hope he can play again this season.
Moreno seemed happy to have escaped a red card and the imposition of a penalty.
Nicola Rizzoli, the referee, didn't punish the Mexican
Van Gaal suspected that the Italian referee had been mistaken.
You can judge for yourself when I say that a penalty and a red card were due.
It was a very bad attack with both legs.
A tweet on Shaw's account read: "Thank you all for your messages. Words cannot describe how broken I am, my path to recovery begins now, I come back stronger.
In this regard: Manchester United suffer the loss of Luke Shaw in defeat at PSV
The England defender has an additional incentive to recover until next June with the European Championship in France.
PSV coach Phillip Cocu said, "It's a very bad injury."
When a player with this kind of injury leaves the field, everyone is very sad about it.
It is never the intention of our players to injure an opponent.
Moreno suffered a broken leg when Mexico played against Van Gaal's Holland team in the 2014 World Cup.
"He's doing himself very hard because it wasn't his intention to hurt his opponent, and then when you hear that it's a very bad injury, that's not good," Cocu said.
For me it was not possible to see the moment.
The only thing I could see was the ball going in another direction so it looked like it [Moreno] had touched it, but I couldn't see the attack on Luke.
In an interview with SBS6, Moreno said: "I know how it feels, I know how hard this can be.
I feel very bad about this. I'm so sorry.
PSV player Andrés Guardado was also taken to hospital after a foul play by Chris Smalling.
Surely David Cameron knows The Lorax better?
It's one thing that all parents soon learn: if your child loves a book, it won't be long before you know it almost by heart.
Unless you might be David Cameron.
When he was asked by a provider of childcare systems to name his favourite children's book, the Prime Minister decided to use The Lorax, Dr Seuss' environmental fable published in 1971.
It was a difficult choice, Cameron writes in a message on the SuperCamps website, and continues: "funny, moving, creative and with a powerful message, it's a book I like to read to my children, because there always seems to be a picture or a message that we have missed so far.
All well and good, except that the following paragraph, in which Cameron supposedly describes the plot of the book, instead gives a summary of the 2012 movie version, which added new characters and details to expand on the rather short original text.
"In the midst of the walled city of Thneed-Ville, where all nature is gone and even air is a commodity, a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of Audrey, the girl of his dreams, by fulfilling her wish to see a real tree," reads one. One love interest was Dr. Seuss, whose real name was Theodor Seuss Geisel and who died in 1991, but is completely unknown.
As if that wasn't suspicious enough, the text presented by Cameron reads in part like the summary of the Lorax film presented on the Internet Movie Database website, which begins: "In the walled city of Thneed-Ville, where everything is artificial and even the air is a commodity, a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of Audrey, the girl of his dreams.
Although he admits to being a pragmatic father, it seems unlikely that Cameron is so unfamiliar with the plot of the book. Here, an unnamed boy hears the local environment devastated by the money-hungry, tree-cutting, Thneed-knitting Once-ler, despite protests from the eponymous Lorax, a squatting, moustached creature "who speaks in the name of the trees.
Most likely, such a relatively minor PR task was delegated to a helper who did not read The Lorax to a child 20 times in a row.
A Downing Street spokeswoman said the text probably came from Cameron's constituency office.
SuperCamps confirmed that the text was supplied by Cameron's staff, but did not give any further direct comments.
Adam Lyth was clearly threatened with expulsion from England's team, but it is still difficult
Meeting Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates is a difficult task, but when you see the squad that England have chosen for the Tour, a repeat of the 3-0 Test Series defeat is not on my cards.
I wouldn't rule out an away win.
Alastair Cook's side may be less experienced than the one three years ago, but there are good spin players in the batting lineup, and the community spirit is strong; they will not bear the scars of 2012, just a youthful positive attitude.
With the ball, Moeen Ali develops as a spin bowler and Adil Rashid, even if he is an unknown quantity at test level, is an option for the attack.
Related news: Adam Lyth is retiring from the England Test squad and will be replaced by Alex Hales.
The decision to leave Adam Lyth out is of course difficult for me as his head coach in Yorkshire to analyse.
In his seven tests there were two good attacks in difficult conditions, and the simple but hard reality is that cricket players are focused on results.
There were no question marks at Joe Root, for example, and that led to the nomination because - and I said this earlier - players are their own best pickers.
A long time ago, Lyth's course would have been extended, but he was in control of his own destiny.
If he hopefully knocks out more runs for Yorkshire, there's another chance.
England coach Trevor Bayliss praised his attitude, even though he didn't perform as well, and that doesn't surprise me; he is above all a team man.
The question of how much time a test batsman gets to make his mark is difficult.
Lyth got seven chances - like Sam Robson before him - while Nick Compton got nine.
Only Compton got the chance to play home and away.
The only reproach that can be made is that England first deployed Jonathan Trott in the Caribbean - when Lyth was at its best - but that lost opportunity is now in the past.
Alex Hales comes in, and he's a hitter I value highly.
He's an X Factor cricket player, which we saw early this season in Yorkshire when he scored 236 against us on a Trent Bridge court, which hit us hard.
He must be given at least the same chances as those before him, but of course this depends on the team line-up in the United Arab Emirates.
The idea of having Moeen hit next to Cook, which would give an extra spin bowler and four quicks, came up and I didn't mind.
I don't see why a batter can't hit there, and this left-hander has already shown that he is a hotshot cricketer.
Moeen may not have done his job for his County Worcestershire, but is he a number 3 for them, and there's not much difference.
My former teammate Justin Langer played his first 38 tests on the first drop before he opened in 2001.
He made three hundred runs in an instant and didn't look back.
Zafar Ansari joins the squad as a back-up spinner, and in my limited dealings with him he impressed me a lot as a young man.
People may look at his stats - an average of 31 with the racket and 35 with the ball - and think it's a punt, but there aren't a large number of backup spinners raising their hands and coaches have chosen youth.
He will learn a lot on this tour.
Apart from the team, England has made some clever additions to the coaching staff.
The appointment of Mahela Jayawardene, the Batsman from Sri Lanka, as advisor for the test games could be a master coup.
He is one of the nicest guys in the game, who will bring a wealth of experience as he has played in all conditions and against all attacks.
Paul Collingwood comes for the white ball phase of the Tour and brings energy and a powerful input to the setup.
I've always felt that he is made for international cricket competition, as a player or as a coach, and like Mahela, he has insights that we can benefit from.
Sometimes new voices in the dressing room can bring a breath of fresh air, even if the news is in line with what was said before.
Colly's teammate at Durham, Ben Stokes, is not used in the One-Dayers, Root got a similar break against Australia and I for one have no problem with that.
Some will not agree, but coaches and team set ups do not determine the schedule.
And you have to remember that, like the players, their jobs depend on the results.
Such decisions are not taken lightly.
The brexite stockpile (brexite = Britain's exit from the EU) could gain in popularity if the economy goes into a slump by 2017
David Cameron's half-baked renegotiation strategy to keep Britain in the EU is getting deeper every day, even without the choice of the ingenious Jeremy "Is it yes or no? Corbyn to the leader of Labour or the TUC, which fell out violently over Europe on Tuesday.
Foreigners also have their Corbyns and Nigel Farages.
A European diplomat friend recently said that some member states, as deeply entangled in various crises as the EU is and not always through their own fault, are fed up with Britain's self-made agenda of split concessions and disruptive treaty changes that they usually do not want.
In Brighton, the TUC decided at its annual meeting that they do not like it when they threaten social protection either.
We might as well call it Dave and George's selfie agenda.
Prime ministers and finance ministers climb at summits or bilateral meetings in foreign capitals, take a photo of themselves in front of a famous local monument, with or without local celebrities, then come home and say they are winning allies for reform.
It's always about me.
My European friend, who wants Britain to look outwards from the EU tent - "Don't leave us alone with France," says Berlin - and suggests that more and more short-sighted ministers and officials in some capitals have come to the point where they don't care whether we stay or go.
Germany's cautiously prudent Chancellor Angela Merkel is an ally, but she has been in power for 10 years and wants to leave office before it looks bad for her, as has happened with the overly persistent ones like Thatcher (11 years), Mitterrand (14) and Kohl (16).
France's François Hollande looks forward to his re-election or replacement in 2017.
He is also a fading force.
Poland may soon have a nationalist right-wing government, Spain a left-wing one.
It's hard to imagine that they'll break a leg to help the Selfie Brits, whose energy would be better spent on preventing Scotland from leaving the UK - something they don't want either, because most have similar separatist tendencies.
Therefore, some such ministers may even deliberately plan to make unhelpful remarks, entirely SNP-style, during Britain's 2017 referendum campaign to speed up the brexite process, my friend suspects.
"The renegotiation was a bust" and "Britain gained nothing of value from the renegotiation."
Europeans know how predatory Fleet Street can be at their expense and what EU-sceptics the oligarchy of press barons is, but they were not during the Tony Benn inspired referendum in 1975, which supported our entry in 1973 with a 2:1 ratio.
You may faintly remember Boris Johnson, the arch-euro-opportunist who made a name for himself as an "EU straight banana" Brussels correspondent in the early 1990s.
For all his craziness, Ed Miliband knew who his enemies were.
These included the medley of tax-fearing villains, phone-hacking foreigners and the pseudo non-residents that most of our major newspapers have.
Actually, Tony Blair thought similarly about them, but found that when you're in a cage with a hot gorilla, it's better to hand out bananas to distract him rather than become his lunch and dinner.
In fact, Miliband was more Blairian than Blair himself when he opposed Cameron's referendum frenzy because Blair had put principle above the EU's unadopted constitution, which was then rejected by French and Dutch voters in 2005, opening a back door for him.
The press has never forgiven him for that either.
But the nice Jeremy Corbyn, who gave me a friendly pat on the back on Monday in Westminster - I told him not to waste any more time on me - seems in danger of repeating Neil Kinnock's boycott Murdoch strategy of the 80s, a mistake then and now.
It may take time, but he must develop a coherent strategy to win the media, not with me, but certainly with Andrew Marr, whose BBC sofa he left on Sunday.
Corbyn's official position on Europe is - to put it nicely - under development.
He says that we should stay in a reformed EU.
Well, for most people outside of Ukip's traditional blue dye tendency and the wilder climes of Tory's Little Englishism, I think everyone can say yes.
It's what Hilary "A Benn but not a Bennite" Benn said on radio and television this week when the boy scout in him struggled not to admit that Corbyn's appointment of provocative John McDonnell as shadow chancellor was a bad idea.
It reminded me of the 1970s, when his old father tried to be disloyal to his Labour cabinet colleagues on television, without going too far and losing his cabinet job.
Hilary's fight was even more attractive.
But fighting to stay "under any circumstances" - Benn's phrase - was not what McDonnell said, nor what JC told his comrades-in-arms and MPs at their closed meeting on Monday night, according to all reports.
Whatever the maudlin bottom-up image of Corbyn is trying to convey - remember that it even touched me - news discipline remains important in the age of 24-hour TV, and especially in the maelstrom of social media, a hotbed of paranoia and betrayal.
It is right not to give Cameron a free ticket to Europe that would allow him to take Labour's support in the referendum campaign for granted, as McDonnell said.
Simon Jenkins must think so.
But McDonnell and Corbyn's fundamental ambiguities about EU membership - in line with their Bennite siege economy, their anti-capitalist past - is no longer just a matter of esoteric discussion among left-wing dissidents, for whom the narcissism of small difference is a central tenet of dogmatic disputes.
As with his ambiguities about Nato - Tom Watson is adamantly convinced that JC will not launch a campaign for withdrawal - foreign diplomats will be obliged to try to find a sense of purpose in everything for their superiors at home.
Why should Paris or Berlin waste political capital - they also have suspicious voters - to make concessions to the British when all this can be pointless?
The US is already quite disappointed with the poor military performance in Iraq, Libya and Syria, even with a reduction in the cost of the Tory government in power, which I was reminded of at Monday's launch by something called the British Influence Security Forum.
Experts criticize Public Health England report on e-cigarettes
Allegations by a government-funded agency that e-cigarettes are less harmful than smoking emerged from a meeting of 12 people, some with ties to the tobacco industry, researchers said.
Experts writing in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) joined Lancet in criticizing the evidence used by Public Health England (PHE) in their report on e-cigarettes.
PHE published the "Policy Report" last month and describes it as a "comprehensive review of the evidence".
However, some researchers have questioned the robustness of the data and pointed to the links between some experts and the tobacco industry.
An editorial in the medical journal Lancet last month attacked the "extremely windy foundation" on which PHE based its main conclusion.
Two other researchers write in BMJ and have asked whether the claims "are based on stone or sand".
Martin McKee, Professor of European Public Health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and Simon Capewell, Professor of Clinical Epidemiology at the University of Liverpool, said: "A fundamental principle of public health is that strategies should be based on evidence of effectiveness".
They said that the public expects PHE's claim that "the current best estimate is that e-cigarettes are about 95% less harmful than smoking" to be based on a detailed review of evidence and modeling.
In fact, this statement comes from a single meeting of 12 people convened to develop a model for a Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (MCDA) to synthesise their opinions on the harm caused by various nicotine-containing products; the results of the meeting were summarised in a research report.
McKee and Capewell said a sponsor of the meeting was a company called EuroSwiss Health, whose managing director had previously received funding from British American Tobacco for an independent study.
He also signed BAT's references to public health in a sustainability report, they said.
One of the 12 participants in the meeting stated that he was receiving funding from an e-cigarette manufacturer, but not the funding he reportedly received previously from the tobacco company Philip Morris International, they added.
The reasons for selecting the members of the panel are not provided, but they include several well-known e-cigarette champions, some of whom also cite industry funding in the paper.
Some other participants in this meeting are not known for their expertise in tobacco control.
The meeting was also attended by the tobacco management of PHE.
The group's research "significantly admits" that there is a lack of "hard evidence of damage to most products for most criteria," wrote McKee and Capewell.
However, none of these links or limitations are discussed in the PHE report.
McKee and Capewell said PHE's claims that "there is no evidence yet that e-cigarettes serve as a way for children or non-smokers to smoke" were premature.
Prof. Kevin Fenton, Director of Health and Well-being at PHE, said that the BMJ's allegations had already been acted upon earlier.
He said, "E-cigarettes are much less harmful than smoking."
Every second lifelong smoker dies of his addiction.
All the evidence suggests that the health risks of e-cigarettes are small in comparison, but that we still need to study the long-term effects.
PHE has a clear duty to inform the public about what the evidence proves and what it does not, especially when there is so much public confusion about the relative dangers compared to tobacco.
Almost 80,000 people die each year from a smoking-related disease and smoking costs the National Health Service £2 billion a year.
By clearly presenting current evidence that e-cigarettes are not without risk, but represent only a fraction of the damage caused by smoking, we are fulfilling our national responsibility.
BBC should give up EastEnders, says former head of Channel 4
The former chairman of Channel 4, Luke Johnson, has said that the BBC should stop broadcasting programmes like EastEnders and The Voice. He said that commercial rivals would "give their right arm" for hit shows like the Albert Square Soap.
Johnson said that the licence fee should only be used to make the kind of programmes that are not broadcast by other UK broadcasters.
He criticised the BBC for placing public service programmes, likely to be seen by a smaller audience, in highly controversial time slots against the most popular shows of their rivals and of channels like BBC4.
After the BBC's director general, Tony Hall, said the company wanted to do more in partnership with other organisations, Johnson said he had tried unsuccessfully to get in touch with the BBC for six years during his time at Channel 4.
"I have problems with the idea that the BBC commissions or broadcasts programmes that would also be clearly shown by non-subsidised rivals," Johnson told the House of Lords Communications Committee as part of its investigation into the future of the BBC.
If you want to keep the broadcasting fee, which I don't think is a good idea in the medium or long term, you should at least put your production on programs that others don't make or commission.
They are broadcasting The Voice in a prime time slot because they want to achieve the broadest possible support for their future.
The idea that no one else would show this is a joke, it is ridiculous, it is of course nonsense.
Johnson said, "I don't see why a regressive tax would finance programs that could be financed without subsidies.
The Voice is one such programme, EastEnders is another, admittedly both in-house productions.
Honestly, other channels would give their right arm for this.
I try to see how this public television should be.
I don't think that would reduce the BBC at all.
Johnson, a series entrepreneur who ran Channel 4 from 2004 to 2010, said the BBC was to blame for the hunt for ratings "because of the ambitions of the people who work there and because they believe this is the best way to secure long-term support.
His comments on the BBC's most popular shows reflect what the former head of Sky, Tony Ball, suggested in his MacTaggart lecture in Edinburgh in 2003 that the BBC should sell shows like EastEnders.
Johnson said that the more public niche programmes "should go to BBC4, where you can't really measure the audience, but they do their job, and they can argue, when they go on their hypocritical missions to justify £4 billion in licence fees, "Well, of course, we have created all these obscure programmes that nobody has seen.
They put her in a time window where no one ever wanted to see her.
Regarding the broadcasting fee, Johnson told the committee: "I urge you to find a more regressive system in terms of conditions, who can get the best value out of it.
Of course you all think, we all think, that for £150 a year you get a great value here, but for people who think £150 is a lot of money, I wonder if that's true, because they don't consume much of the BBC.
Former Sky- and Channel 5 boss David Elstein, who also testified before the committee on Tuesday, called for the BBC to review its Reithian mission to "inform, educate and entertain".
He said little of the BBC's production was now officially classified as education - he said it was 1% of its TV production and 0.1% on the radio - and it should take its cue from the public television stations in Australia and Canada to change this to "inform, educate and entertain".
On the question of partnerships, Elstein said the BBC should do more in areas such as the Proms, of which he said only a handful are shown on television, and form alliances with commercial broadcasters to make everything available online.
Sonogenetics' can control brain cells through sound waves
The video shows how the nematodes change direction the moment they are irradiated with sound impulses.
Scientists have bred worms with genetically modified nervous systems that can be controlled by bursts of sound waves.
The tiny nematodes change direction the moment they are irradiated with sound impulses that have frequencies too high for the human ear to be heard.
The pulses work by switching on motor neuron cells that are genetically modified to carry the membrane channels that respond to ultrasound waves.
More on this topic: Researchers read and write brain activity with light
The researchers said the worms demonstrated the power of a new technique called Sonogenetics, in which ultrasound can be used to activate a number of brain, heart and muscle cells outside the body.
Sreekanth Chalasani, a researcher at the Salk Institute in La Jolla, California, told The Guardian that the procedure could one day replace deep brain stimulation, an invasive procedure that delivers electrical impulses to the brain of people to treat the symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Roundworms do not usually respond to ultrasound, but Chalasani found that they did when surrounded by a fluid with microscopic air bubbles.
The bubbles, he found out, amplify the ultrasonic waves that then penetrate the worms.
The amplified ultrasound waves act on structures called TRP-4 ion channels, which are found in the membranes of some of the worm cells.
The sound waves cause these ion channels to open and activate the cells to which they are assigned, according to a report by Nature Communications.
To create ultrasound-guided nematodes, Chalasani genetically modified the worms so that some of their motor neurons carry TRP-4 ion channels.
When he applies ultrasound to the altered creatures, the sound waves are amplified by the microbubbles and transmitted into the worms, where they switch on the altered motor neurons.
The procedure has some similarities with Optogenetics, a groundbreaking tool that enables scientists to switch neurons on and off with impulses from light.
But Chalasani said that Sonogenetics could have some advantages over this technique.
Unlike light, which must be sent down an optical fibre to the desired location in the brain, low-frequency ultrasound waves can pass through tissue unhindered and can thus be sent into the brain from above the skull.
"We believe that with gene therapy and a therapeutic virus it is possible to make targeted human neurons temporarily susceptible to the ultrasound signal in a clinical setting for certain neurological treatments," Chalasani said.
Other applications could focus on muscle cells and insulin-producing cells, he added.
Illegal torture devices - right on your doorstep!
The ads put Britain's arms trade to shame
Watch the Amnesty International Anti-weapons exhibition video.
Horrible killer drones!
Ankle shattering leg cuffs!
Cluster bombs!
And stun batons that cause excruciating pain but leave no trace!
The cheerful voice and cartoon images leave no doubt that this ad for the world's largest weapons fair is a militant parody produced by Amnesty International to highlight the British Government's willingness to sell weapons to repressive regimes through the Defence and Security Equipment International Jamboree at the ExCeL Centre in London's Docklands.
Related: DSEI weapons fair: Authoritarian regimes flock to London
But a separate campaign also leads to many posters that can be seen at bus stops and on the subway trains and which require a second look.
"Important announcement: Will you be travelling with DLR from 15 to 18 September? (Docklands Light Railway) can be read in the typefaces of the London Underground and the trademarks of the DLR line, which changes into the image of a tank.
In September, a swarm of arms dealers will travel with DLR ... Customers are asked to help stop the gun show.
The 300 posters are by artists who have exhibited their work at the Museum of Cruel Designs in Banksys Dismaland.
A collective called the Special Patrol Group helped with the distribution in London and used "Ad Space Hack Packs", a £6 pack of Allen wrenches, which are claimed to "gain access to about a third of the bus stop advertising space on the planet".
Transport for London does not find this billboard "vandalism" funny.
One of the parody ads produced by Special Patrol Group.
According to Gavin Grindon, curator of Crueol Designs and lecturer at the University of Essex, artists are becoming more critical and trying to bring political work to audiences outside galleries.
Many artists get involved with activists within protest movements and realize that they have to go outside into the real world in order for their art to have an impact on society.
Another of the anti-gun trade posters greets commuters on the subway.
The Amnesty video was viewed more than 100,000 times in 24 hours on Facebook and was created by the advertising agency VCCP, which works on a non-profit basis with the graphic designer and voiceover artist, who also works for free.
VCCP Creative Director Matt Lever was amazed at the silence surrounding the advertising for the gun show - through a blank space in the ExCeL calendar - and thought, "Let's give them the campaign they are trying to avoid.
They toyed with the invention of a more realistic dubious corporate advertising, but "by bluing it in with bright colors and animation, it sticks more.
"They have done a fantastic job in helping us raise awareness about the sale of illegal torture equipment at the fair," said Tom Davies of Amnesty.
What we need now is an intervention by the British Government and a guarantee that torture equipment is not being traded illegally on our doorstep.
Perhaps the most creative art around the gun show comes from the area within ExCeL, where exhibitors sell fantastic euphemistic products.
In a press release Saab reveals an order from the US Army for "the AT4CS RS, which was shot down from the shoulder."
These include a "uniquely shaped warhead that delivers outstanding after-effects inside the target."
Whatever this does, it won't be pleasant.
Eight golden rules for living in student residences
Eleven years ago, as a self-forgotten 19-year-old, I moved into a dormitory, still believing in Berets and moral relativism, but only now do I remember the tense smiles of those I annoyed - and the numerous, long-winded complaints about others.
Most of what I have learned can be distilled into eight simple rules.
Moving into student residences ranges from slightly nerve-racking to absolutely terrifying.
It's tempting to chat: People talk about where you're from, if and where you took sabbatical, where you are in relation to Corbyn and why you "honestly don't love or hate Marmite, because seriously, guys, it's just a yeast extract HAHAHA, I'm in my room."
Take a breath.
And help others to do the same - ask questions and show interest.
It directs the conversation and helps you find out the people you like as opposed to those you would not talk to even if your eyelashes caught fire and they were fire extinguishers.
Let people.
People's rooms are often transformed into drinks receptions, movie-night venues and community meeting places, but they are also the places where people get dressed and adjust their underwear.
In this regard: Don't think about starting a relationship in college
Introverts receive rough treatment at the university.
Your room should be a refuge, but many student residences form a room-to-room stroll culture that is friendly and social and can lead to lifelong friendship.
It can be hell for someone trying to recover.
Nothing in the culture allows you to say, "I like you, and I want our friendship to continue, but you have to go away so I can get back the energy I spent interacting with you."
Try to sense when a fellow student is exhausted from socializing - and send him an SMS instead of knocking.
Speaking of knocking, do it.
A guy in my dormitories had the idea that an unlocked door was an invitation.
He saw some things.
Make friends through baking.
Since you're starting college at the height of your back mania, knocking on people's doors to introduce yourself with a plate of brownies is less odd than the 1950s greeting "Welcome to the neighborhood, I baked you something. Now smile when I ask you some personal questions."
Offering homemade treats is a great way to make friends.
Your roommates feel obliged to talk to each other and may end up associating your face with a delicious surprise.
Of course this depends on whether you are a decent baker.
Badly mixed lumps of flour, sugar and fat cause people to pretend to be asleep when you knock.
Stealing food is a common crime in dormitories.
Of course stealing chicken is a theft, but is taking a drop of milk for your tea?
Check with the dairy owner.
Chances are they'll say to help themselves even if they're cooking inside.
If someone steals your things, it's annoying, and you have my sympathy - but try to deal with it in a more balanced way than my roommate, who added a detergent to her milk to punish thieves.
She's in prison now.
You should not make any noise that keeps people from sleeping or from working.
It is not only about being a decent person, but that you are, in the truest sense of the saying, one of the people who sit in the glass house.
A girl in my hallway asked her neighbours if they would mind turning down Drum & Bass a bit, because it's three in the morning and she had an exam in the morning.
They reacted to this with even louder music.
When they finally stopped at 5 o'clock, she kindly let her neighbours sleep for another two hours before she let her own music bawl, locked her door and went to her three-hour exam.
Wouldn't it be romantic if your future spouse happened to move into the same dormitory?
Conversely, wouldn't it be profoundly embarrassing if you thought a roommate was your future spouse, if you had to make a pass at her, break up with her again, and then have to see her every day, and perhaps witness her pulling all your mutual friends over to you?
Of course, the heart goes its own way - but if a hot roommate is definitely not your future spouse, at least try to talk some sense into your abdomen.
In the exciting moment when you notice that someone has left his keys in his unlocked room, the line between a joke and bullying is finer than it seems.
A good prank is funny, but it only takes moments before it becomes a boomerang.
Teach a valuable and fun safety lesson by hiding - but never mess up someone's room with toothpaste and shampoo.
Lock your door and put your keys in a glass of water, which you then put in the freezer - but don't staple your belongings to the ceiling more than twice.
terraced houses for refugees, single parents, low-income earners
The real estate entrepreneur Markus Gildner is building terraced houses in Eckental in Central Franconia for people who do not have much money.
For refugees, for example - but also as a signal: "Not only refugees need housing, but also single mothers and low-income earners.
"I show how you can still build cheaply and well today," says the 44-year-old in an interview
Thousands of refugees will crowd into the housing market.
The entrepreneur Markus Gildner believes he knows how quickly affordable housing can be created: He is building terraced houses for refugees in a project.
Mr. Gildner, many refugees will be pushing into the housing market.
Which solution do you offer?
Markus Gildner: The mass accommodation in containers or gymnasiums has no sustainability.
Because the people stay here for the most part.
In view of the flow of refugees, we will need sufficient living space for the coming decades.
A quite banal, three-storey terraced house is the solution.
Gildner: A terraced house needs the least space.
It facilitates integration.
It's different when you put people in apartment buildings.
Each of the six houses currently being built in the pilot project consists of three housing units for four asylum seekers each.
Each living unit has two bedrooms, a bathroom, a kitchen and a lounge.
It may be that many refugees will say, it is peace again, I am going back.
Then the houses can easily be rebuilt according to the respective needs.
What are the costs?
Gildner: The price for 160 square metres of living space per house is 184,000 euros, not including the land.
That's manageable.
It took six months to build.
That is appropriate.
Did the building regulations complicate their plans?
Gildner: In terms of building law, I carried out my project correctly.
It is always particularly complicated by the threatening sword of Damocles special construction and the parking regulations.
Creepy.
It is still assumed that whoever creates three apartments in a row house needs at least three parking spaces.
Only in the cities there is no room for this.
And refugees and asylum seekers have no cars.
How did the residents react to their terraced house project?
Gildner: There were those who accused me of creating luxury buildings for asylum seekers.
Which is definitely not true.
But aren't you intensifying the competition for affordable housing?
Gildner: The truth is that we have had a building boom in Germany over the last five years, but luxury apartments have been built that hardly anyone can afford.
My project has the message that ordinary people also need housing.
Not only refugees, but also the single mother or the low-income earner.
I show how you can still build well and cheaply today.
That's the point.
Markus Gildner (44) studied microsystems technology in Regensburg and initially focused on environmental analysis.
iOS 9: How to get the new iPhone operating system when Apple update is released
The new operating system can be requested by going to the settings app, tapping on "General" and then selecting "Software Update".
When it is ready, the phone gives you the option to download and then install.
Some have encountered problems after installation because they receive an error message stating that the "software update failed".
To work around this problem, users are advised to either wait until the rush returns or try to update via iTunes.
The phone itself guides you through the rest of the process.
This may mean deleting apps to make room - but Apple has made this less likely by streamlining the update. It will also be easier to do this if you use a special tool to delete apps and then reinstall them once the process is complete.
It is worth making sure that your phone is charged during the update or is near a charger so that the battery is charged.
If the charge is too low, Apple will not allow the update to continue because the phone might shut down halfway through the update and this could cause the update to stop.
Read more: iOS 9 release still on schedule despite the WatchOS delay in reviewing iOS 9: the least exciting, but the best update of iOS 9 yet: How to prepare for the new iPhone operating system
You should also make sure that you have reviewed our checklist of all things before downloading to prevent things from going wrong and to protect yourself if they do. iOS 9 brings new features, including a much smarter Personal Assistant and huge new productivity features for iPad, as well as changes that speed up and repair the operating system.
Rosberg's only motto: Full attack
Nico Rosberg knows only one motto in the fight for the world championship title in Formula 1 against his clearly leading Mercedes team colleague Lewis Hamilton: "Full attack".
Before the start of the decisive seven overseas races, the World Championship runner-up emphasised "that I have nothing more to lose".
53 points separate the runners-up from defending champion and two-time champion Hamilton before the night race in Singapore this Sunday.
The Briton has already won seven of the twelve races of the season so far and is also the favourite to tackle the floodlit Grand Prix in the city state.
In 2009 and last year the 30-year-old Briton won the race.
Whether the current smog in the city state will have an influence on the Grand Prix of Singapore is still unclear.
For days a haze bell has been hanging over the city, caused by fires on the neighbouring island of Sumatra.
Bad Kissinger chess club has a prominent member
The chess club "Schachfreunde Bad Kissingen", founded three months ago, has added another member to its ranks, thus increasing the number of members to 19 players.
The new member is the entrepreneur Paul Gauselmann, a passionate chess and tennis player, who has visited Bad Kissingen more than 40 times for a cure.
Gauselmann is bearer of the Federal Cross of Merit 1st class and honorary citizen of the cities of Espelkamp and Lübbecke.
Gauselmann supported the chess club in Bad Kissingen with a donation, which chairman Alfred Klein accepted.
This makes it possible to admit chess players who cannot afford the membership fee.
Youth work and talent searches should also be promoted.
Gauselmann would like his membership of the chess club and also friendly contact with the "Rot-Weiß" tennis club to be seen as an expression of his attachment to the spa town.
Neighbourhood office seeks direct contact
Saludis and the Altenzentrum Antonistift have joined forces under the auspices of the Social Foundation and opened a new contact point at Graf-Stauffenberg-Platz.
In addition to consultations, you can also take part in courses there.
The social foundation is moving down from the mountain to the city centre.
To the Graf-Stauffenberg-Platz to be exact.
A new neighbourhood office was recently opened there.
Here, directly next to the supermarket, senior citizens and those seeking advice can now obtain information on issues such as nursing care insurance or the services of health and nursing care insurance companies.
For years, we have noticed with our outpatient nursing service that relatives who provide care are often left alone.
There are an infinite number of questions.
"It is also not uncommon for many services of the health insurance companies not to be taken up because the complexity of the insurance policies is hardly understood," explained the new hostess Jutta Weigand, who, as head of the business unit for elderly care, is also responsible for the Antonistift and the Bürgerspital as well as for the outpatient service "Amadeus".
In addition to consultations, the new neighbourhood office also offers prevention, health courses and wellness.
For this purpose the Saludis was taken into the boat.
Therefore, additional offers such as fall prevention, memory training or a physiotherapeutic treatment can be used.
The offers of the Senior Citizens' Centre and Saludis complement each other in an ideal way.
Saludis stands for prevention, provision and rehabilitation.
"The senior citizens' centre for care and nursing," described Heike Riedel, managing director of Saludis.
Both managing directors see the reason for the opening of the new neighbourhood office in the city centre in demographic change in particular.
This is because, he said, a good decentralised infrastructure in the individual districts of Bamberg will be indispensable in the future.
In addition, as Mayor Wolfgang Metzner (SPD) emphasised at the inauguration ceremony, the neighbourhood office also dedicates itself to loneliness in old age: "There are numerous events and offers on the programme and these invite regular social gatherings.
In this way, the social foundation is making a major contribution to enabling senior citizens to live as independently as possible in their familiar surroundings.
The accommodation office is open Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturday from 10 a.m. to 12 noon.
Eintracht Bamberg against Würzburger Kickers on 6 October
Now it's official: After the date for the match between FC Eintracht Bamberg and the third division team Würzburger Kickers had not yet been fixed due to renovation work at the Fuchsparkstadion, the date has now been set for October 6th.
The match between FC Eintracht Bamberg in the round of sixteen of the Bavarian Football Totopokal against the third division club FC Würzburger Kickers has now been finally scheduled.
The match will be played on Tuesday, 6 October at 19.00 in the Bamberg Fuchsparkstadion.
"We are glad that we now know when the match will take place, now we have planning security", says FCE team manager Karlheinz Hümmer, who also points out the now started advance ticket sales.
It is something special for our team to play against a third division team.
We therefore hope for a large number of spectators, and not without reason, because floodlight games have a special appeal.
FC Eintracht Bamberg reached the round of the last 16 teams in 2010 by winning against the district league team 1 FC Oberhaid (3:1) and at home against the regional league team 1 FC Schweinfurt 05 (3:2).
The winner of the competition receives 5000 euros and qualifies for the first round of the DFB Club Cup 2016/2017.
Titleholder is third league relegate SpVgg Unterhaching.
Viennese architect Karl Mang died at the age of 92
Karl Mang, one of the doyens of Viennese architecture, is dead.
He already died on 5 September at the age of 92, as the Künstlerhaus announced on Tuesday.
With Mang, the Künstlerhaus loses an honorary member and at the same time "one of the most important architects of the second half of the 20th century in Vienna", as it was stated in the broadcast.
Born in Vienna in 1922, Mang studied architecture during and after the Second World War at the Technical University in Vienna under Friedrich Lehmann.
Since 1952 he worked as a freelance architect, but also as a teacher, writer and institute director.
From 1972 to 1983 he was president of the Austrian Institute of Design.
In the 1980s he was commissioned to furnish the Treasury in the Vienna Hofburg and to convert Palais Lobkowitz into the Austrian Theatre Museum.
Parking fine: Tim Wiese throws money at policewoman
Ex-footballer Tim Wiese has attracted attention in Bremen.
Once a footballer, Tim Wiese, former national goalkeeper in Germany and employed by Bremen and Hoffenheim, is now a wrestler.
He says he has gained 30 kilograms of muscle mass in the past two years.
Intellectually, on the other hand, he did not gain weight.
Wiese was just getting his hair cut in downtown Bremen when he saw a parking attendant outside issuing a parking ticket for his white Chevrolet Camaro.
Wiese then stormed out of the shop, insulted the officer and threw the due fine at her feet, as the "Bild" newspaper reported.
The City of Bremen confirms the accusations, but is not yet aware of the consequences for the unusual incident.
"The matter is still under consideration," says the city of Bremen.
Only then will it be decided whether or not Wiese is displayed.
Panama authorities destroy 4500 marijuana plants
The fertile soil and rainforest climate of Isla del Rey are ideal for the growth of marijuana plants.
For three days the authorities of Panama have been tearing out the 4500 plants and burning them.
Men beat up 17-year-old Afghans
The police are looking for witnesses to an incident in Bad Soden-Salmünster: On Friday evening, around 11.45 pm, three young men were on foot from Bad Soden in the direction of Salmünster.
One of the group, a 17-year-old Afghan, followed his two friends at a distance of about five metres according to the police and shouted to them that they should wait for him after all.
At that time, the group was at the same level as the bft petrol station.
There were also three people on the premises of the petrol station.
One of these men now shouted at the young man and punched him in the face with his fist.
The victim suffered a fracture of the nasal bone and was bleeding heavily from the nose.
When his two friends rushed over and talked to the thug in a calming manner, the thug initially let go of his victim.
The injured young man was now brought home by his friends.
The perpetrator pursued the group with a car to their apartment and demonstratively drove past there several times.
When the vehicle was no longer visible, the injured man went outside the building to smoke a cigarette.
There he was attacked again by the thug and another male person.
With the help of a truncheon the victim's face and thighs were beaten.
The injured man had to be taken to a hospital for medical treatment.
So far there is only a vague description of the perpetrator.
One of the men was about six feet tall.
The second racket is said to have been about 1.65 meters tall and was dressed in jeans and a brown and white shirt.
The police ask witnesses and informants to call 06181/100-123.
Dr. Frank Müller takes over Felstehausen practice and invests 310000 Euro
Silvia Müller-Gongoll and Frank Müller (from left) take over the practice from Karl-Heinrich and Ursel Felstehausen.
This also pleases the joint mayor Bernd Bormann, business development manager Uta Seim-Schwartz and Asendorf's mayor Heinfried Kabbert.
In many places in the countryside there is a lack of doctors - Asendorf, on the other hand, is lucky: Dr. Frank Müller takes over the Felstehausen practice there on 1 October.
While Ursel Felstehausen is retiring, her husband Karl-Heinrich will continue to support his successor with half a job in the next few months.
After a reconstruction phase, Müller reopens the practice on October 12th, until then he invests 310000 Euros in the premises at St.-Marcellusstraße 6.
It was sympathy at first sight when the Felstehausens met Frank Müller and his wife Dr. Silvia Müller-Gongoll years ago. She is currently completing her specialist training at the hospital in Verden and also plans to join the practice next year.
"We always had in mind that the Müllers would fit in well with this practice," says Dr. Ursel Felstehausen and laughs.
"When the time came, I just called her."
The Müller couple liked the idea of running their own practice in Asendorf in future.
"Proximity and constant contact with the patients are very attractive for us," says the 39-year-old Müller.
"We want to get to know the families over the years and accompany them".
He also sees the advantage of soon being his own boss.
And so it was agreed that the Müllers bought the house with the practice.
However, they will continue to live in Bruchhausen-Vilsen.
Frank Müller, father of two children, grew up there. His medical studies in Hanover were followed by stations in several medical practices as well as in the hospitals in Sulingen, Nienburg and Rotenburg.
He is currently working as a senior physician in Sulingen. In addition, he was appointed chief emergency physician in the Diepholz district in 2009 and is a volunteer in the DRK readiness group Bruchhausen-Vilsen.
From 19 September, the practice will be prepared for the new boss.
While the surgeon Dr. Karl-Heinrich Felstehausen works as a general practitioner, his wife Ursel (internist) has specialized in gastroenterology.
The Müllers, both internists, want to establish themselves as family doctors.
"That's where the endoscopy comes out," says 38-year-old Silvia Müller-Gongoll.
After the reconstruction the rooms will look more modern.
We will offer more ultrasound examinations as well as long-term and exercise ECGs and need one more consulting room.
In addition, the IT system will be completely renewed.
The Müllers receive a subsidy of 50000 euros in total from the district (25000 euros) as well as from the joint municipality (12500 euros) and the community (12500 euros) within the framework of a support programme.
"This shows how proud and happy we are that the practice is being continued", emphasizes joint mayor Bernd Bormann.
According to Silvia Müller-Gongoll, about 2000 patients come to the Felstehausen practice every quarter; the average practice in Northern Germany has about 500 patients.
There is another family doctor's practice in Asendorf.
A positive side-effect of Frank Müller taking over the practice: according to Ursel Felstehausen, the pharmacy will remain in Asendorf.
If no successor had been found, she would have left too.
Those who visit Müller's office hours, by the way, continue to look mainly at familiar faces: take over the seven medical assistants and the cleaning staff from the Felstehausens.
With their departure, an era ends in Asendorf, after all, the physicians practiced there for 30 years.
"At the beginning we only had two rooms," Ursel Felstehausen remembers with a smile.
She already feels a little nostalgia after the long time.
"But we still live in Hohenmoor and will certainly see many patients often," says the internist.
Her husband laughingly adds, "We have a 10,000-square-foot plot of land."
"Up to now I've always shunned gardening, now things could be different".
The couple also have two grandchildren and enjoy travelling.
Croatia: "We let the refugees through"
"Now border controls are also being increased on our southern border", said Minister of the Interior Johanna Mikl-Leitner.
Checks at the Hungarian border will continue in parallel.
It is still clear that anyone who wants to file an asylum application can do so "as a matter of course".
The care and safety of the people is in the foreground.
But it is also clear "that clear signals are needed", said the Minister.
People need to know that we do not accept borderless migration flows, not even across the Austrian-Slovenian border.
It needs a controlled approach.
Croatia considers "corridor" - Slovenia refuses
The Croatian government had previously stated that Slovenia, too, wanted to allow arriving refugees to continue their journey towards Austria and Germany and possibly also to establish corridors for the refugees.
However, this was not the view of the Minister of the Interior, Vesna Györkös Znidar, in Ljubljana.
The idea of corridors was "absolutely unacceptable", he said, and Slovenia would instead intensify its surveillance of the border - especially with Hungary.
The border with Croatia, on the other hand, as the external border of the Schengen area, was already heavily controlled.
As the minister emphasised, Slovenians do not want to close off their borders to refugees.
"Every EU member must fulfil its obligations, otherwise the system cannot work", stressed Györkös Znidar.
According to the Croatian government, the first refugees had already tried to enter Eastern Croatia in the night hours of Tuesday, passing the border crossing Tovarnik/Sid, in order to avoid registration.
The Croatian police were able to pick them up in the nearby corn fields.
According to the local media, police vehicles with new refugees have been arriving in Tovarnik, Croatia, ever since.
They are mainly Syrians and Afghans, including many women and children.
Emergency services and the Red Cross are also already on duty.
In the coming days, his country expects about 4000 refugees, said Minister of the Interior Ranko Ostojic.
In addition, buses from Presevo on the Macedonian-Serbian border, which had previously brought migrants to the Hungarian border, would be diverted towards Croatia, Croatian and Serbian media reported unanimously on Wednesday.
The government in Belgrade, however, denied that it is the government that instructs people to take certain routes: "Neither can we, nor do we want to", it was said.
According to media reports, a first bus with about 50 refugees arrived in the Serbian border town of Sid in the morning and more buses are expected in the course of the day.
Via Croatia, Slovenia and Austria to Germany
The inmates had been travelling all night from the Macedonian border, some 500 kilometres away, through Serbia.
"We heard that Hungary was closing down, so the police told us to come here," said one of the refugees.
They wanted to travel on through Croatia, Slovenia and Austria to Germany.
As a result, the Balkan route Turkey-Greece-Macedonia-Macedonia-Serbia-Hungary could be shifted to a somewhat more westerly route, as already predicted by observers.
Croatia: "Extensive possibilities for border control
Croatia's Interior Minister Ostojic had previously stressed that his country had prepared plans for possible exceptional situations in case of a large influx of refugees.
He did not give details, but pointed out that Croatia, as a non-Schengen member, had "extensive possibilities for border control".
Strict controls are carried out in order to qualify for membership of the Schengen area.
Slovenia has been a member since 2007, and its EU partners have consistently given the country a good report card in terms of the standard of border controls.
On the Serbian side, about 300 refugees are still stuck behind the Hungarian border fence.
According to Belgrade media reports, they spent last night at the border crossing at Horgos, which leads to Röszke.
According to the Hungarian authorities, the two border crossings Horgos and Backi Breg remain completely closed.
It is still unclear whether the remaining refugees now want to travel on to the Croatian border.
The Serbian Minister of the Interior, Nebojsa Stefanovic, tried to calm down early on Wednesday morning during a local inspection in Horgos: He considers the debates on alternative routes for refugees to be premature now that the Hungarian border has been closed.
It would not be a question of very large numbers of refugees at present.
One could not yet say whether they would continue their journey via Hungary, Croatia or another country.
Helpers advise migrants on - dangerous - alternative routes
However, private Hungarian refugee aid workers have already begun distributing maps to the refugees showing alternative routes through Croatia.
However, crossing the border between Serbia and Croatia is not without danger: in parts of the border area there are still minefields that have not been cleared even 20 years after the end of the Croatian war.
On Wednesday afternoon the Croatian police announced that a team of deminers had been sent to the border region.
Stock market hacker: Ukrainians pay 30 million dollars
Supranonok is said to have been part of a ring of cybercriminals accused of having been repeatedly exposed to unpublished financial reports and press releases on websites such as Business Wire, Marketwired and PR Newswire since 2010.
With the captured information, insider trading on the financial markets is said to have been carried out.
According to investigators, a total of over 100 million dollars was swindled in this way.
"Today's comparison shows that even those outside our national borders will eventually be caught," the SEC report says.
The trials against 32 other defendants in the case continued.
Most of the defendants are from Ukraine and Georgia.
The perpetrators are said to have operated both in the USA and from Eastern Europe.
Ökumenische Hospizhilfe Mannheim exists for 20 years
There is a lot of activity around the Mannheim Paradeplatz.
The people do their errands, sometimes quickly, sometimes comfortably strolling.
You are heading for the two stations of the Mannheim Motor Show at Paradeplatz.
Stop the light rail.
Pulsating, plump life in glorious autumn sunshine and in the middle of it all four large panels each with the headline "Before I die I want to
With this campaign, the Ecumenical Hospice Aid drew attention to its 20th anniversary and is certainly facing mixed reactions.
"It's about life, that's why we went into the middle of the city and among the people with this action", says Josefine Lammer.
The director of the Ecumenical Hospice Help is available to passers-by for questions and discussions, as are the volunteers.
While some passers-by spontaneously grab the chalk and add "affirm my life", "to be able to read", "drive through the USA with the camper", "stop the war" or "don't suffer long" to the sentence, others stop for a moment, read, say sentences like "I'm not that far along yet" and then go on.
Again and again small discussions about the action itself, about life, about dealing with dying develop on the sidelines.
Peter Hübinger is also on site at the moment.
"Only when I realise that at some point the end of this world will come for me, can I live responsibly," says the director of the Diakonisches Werk Mannheim, which together with the Caritas Association is the sponsor of the Ecumenical Hospice Aid.
Therefore, this publicity campaign for the 20-year-old is good.
It is understandable, however, that not everyone wants to communicate publicly on the boards; after all, it is a very personal matter.
The subject of death and dying is still afflicted with taboos, according to Josefine Lammer's experience, even though the hospice movement in particular has contributed a great deal in recent years to opening up people.
An assessment that Angelika Godefroid shares.
The death and grief counsellor is one of the first volunteers.
Confronted with the subject matter through personal experience, she read a lot of literature and decided to become involved in euthanasia.
When the Ecumenical Hospice Aid called for volunteers, it immediately contacted them and was involved in the foundation in 1995.
Godefroid is part of a team of 45 volunteers - 43 women and two men - who accompany patients and their families in private households, hospitals, nursing homes and the St. Vincent Hospice.
They are all carefully trained.
Angelika Godefroid is good at her job and the experiences and lessons learned.
"I see life from a different perspective, consider it precious and appreciate the moment," she says.
The outpatient ecumenical hospice service is free of charge and independent of denomination.
Financial support from health insurance companies and donations from relatives and associations make it possible to provide training, further training and supervision for the dying and grief counsellors.
Training courses for new employees are offered every two years.
The panels described on Saturday are now on display in the house of the Protestant Church (M1, 1a) and in the house of the Catholic Church (F2, 6).
There too, further personal wishes can be noted on postcards.
FedEx results mixed, financial outlook for 2016 lowered
FedEx reported disappointing results for the last quarter and the delivery giant lowered its earnings outlook for a full year due to weaker demand for freight services and higher costs in its ground transportation service.
The company also said that it plans to hire about 55,000 seasonal workers for the holidays.
At that time last year, FedEx announced that the company would hire 50,000 seasonal workers for the holiday period.
The share fell over 2.5 percent in pre-market trading 45 minutes before the opening on Wednesday.
FedEx Corp. said to earn a profit between $ 10.40 and $ 10.90 in the fiscal year ending next May, 20 cents less than the previous forecast.
Analysts expected $10.84 according to a survey by FactSet.
The lower outlook comes despite price increases, which average 4.9 percent and will take effect on January 4, and despite higher surcharges for ground transportation of heavy and large parcels, which will be levied from November.
The company said that it nevertheless expects earnings to increase year-on-year due to cost reduction, higher revenues and growth in online retailing.
Chairman and CEO Fred Smith said the company is "delivering solid earnings considering the weaker than expected economic conditions, particularly in manufacturing and global trade.
The plans for the holiday employment were announced a day later than those of rival UPS, which plans to hire 90,000 to 95,000 additional workers, about the same number as last year.
In the quarter ended August 31, FedEx earned $692 million, up 6 percent year-over-year.
Earnings per share were $2.42 per share, just behind the $2.44 per share predicted by twelve analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research.
Sales increased by 5 percent to $12.3 billion.
Six analysts interviewed by Zacks expected $12.23 billion.
FedEx has seen a decline in international priority shipments in recent years, which has caused turnover in its Express Shipping unit to stagnate.
But the boom in online shopping has boosted results at FedEx Ground.
In the last quarter, revenue from ground transportation increased by 29 percent, but the operating result was basically flat due to higher costs for larger packages and self-insurance.
The Express unit recorded higher revenues due to higher prices, while earnings declined due to higher labour costs in the freight business.
In pre-market trading, about an hour before opening, FedEx shares fell by $3.85, or 2.5 percent, to $150.15.
On Tuesday they closed with an 11 percent loss for the year and 17 percent below a record high on June 11.
At their most anticipated meeting of the year, Federal Reserve strategists spend two days this week sitting around a 27-foot Honduras-Mahogany table to decide whether it is time to raise interest rates for the first time in almost a decade.
Threatening above them at one end of the decorated two-storey boardroom is a mural of the United States.
The card is a reminder that Fed Chairman Janet L. Yellen and her colleagues should put the nation's economic interests before anything else.
The Federal Reserve has a dual mandate from Congress: maximize US employment and keep prices stable here.
But since the great recession, Fed leaders have acknowledged that there is an unwritten third mandate: financial stability.
And this third mandate could be the X factor in a decision that is too narrow to predict. It will be announced on Thursday whether the U.S. economy is ready to start weaning itself from the unprecedented stimulus provided by near-zero short-term interest rates since late 2008.
Although most economic data show that the economy is growing solidly, the recent turmoil in global financial markets may make the already cautious Fed representatives fear that this volatility could be exacerbated - even if only by a quarter of a percentage point - by raising the interest rate on Bunds.
"Obviously, the labour market and inflation will be the most important thing they observe," said Lindsey M. Piegza, chief economist at the brokerage firm Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
"But I think if they were looking for an excuse not to raise interest rates, the increased uncertainty around the global market is enough justification to continue to wait," she said.
There is no consensus on what the Fed will do, which in itself is unsettling the financial market.
About half of the economists recently surveyed by Bloomberg have predicted a rate hike this week.
However, the financial markets expect the Fed to wait, with a key indicator showing only a 30% chance of a rise.
This suggests that the stock market will fall if the Fed raises the rate, unless the strategists soften the blow by promising that a further increase is far away.
On Tuesday the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped by 228.89 points or 1.4% to 16,599.85.
The action was triggered by expectations that Fed policy will maintain the rate this week, said John Lonski, chief economist at Moody's Capital Markets Research Group.
It would be a surprise if the Fed raised rates at this point," he said.
If she does, "she would have to go very far in her statement to calm the financial markets so that they do not panic."
Other experts argued that a rate hike would calm the financial markets because it would remove uncertainty about when the Fed will act.
Only a month ago the Fed seemed well on track to raise the rate by 0.25 percentage points this month, the first small step in a slow tightening of monetary conditions that would test the strength of the US recovery.
Yellen had said in the spring and early summer that she expected the rate to rise this year despite complaints from liberals that more economic progress was needed.
Although job creation slowed down in August, the improvement in the labour market was solid this year.
The unemployment rate fell to 5.1% last month, the lowest in more than seven years and close to the level that the Fed considers full employment.
Wage increases have shown signs of recovery.
And although inflation has consistently been below the central bank's annual target of 2%, the Fed representatives said that the main reason was the temporary effect of significantly lower oil prices.
The economy "can cope with higher interest rates and needs them because of the tightness in the labor market," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
But financial markets around the world flinched at the end of last month after China devalued its currency.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell more than 16% below its peak in May as investors feared that a slowdown in the Chinese economy would curb global growth.
The market has recovered somewhat this month, with the Dow now almost 10% below its May high.
For the Fed representatives, the market turbulence affects the complex calculation of when to raise interest rates.
"If events in the financial markets and news of the weakness of the Chinese economy in the last few weeks had not occurred, they would have tightened the reins in this session," said Stephen D. Oliner, senior research fellow at UCLA's Ziman Center for Real Estate and a former Federal Reserve employee.
Now he predicts that she will wait at least a month to get a better grip on the effects.
"There is a lot of uncertainty about what the impact on the US economy will be, and there is almost no reliable data to describe developments in China," Oliner said.
The health of the global economy is not one of the Fed's main concerns, so technically it should not be involved in its decision-making.
But in the end, the Fed has become the monetary authority of the world.
The influence of the central bank has been enormous in recent years.
The mere indication in 2013 by the then head Ben S. Bernanke that the Fed could "narrow" its monetary expansion caused confusion around the globe.
In a world where markets and economies are increasingly intertwined, Fed representatives can be expected not only to monitor developments elsewhere, but also to consult with other central banks and experts to gain a better understanding of the global economy.
Their decision making is "more art than science," said Zachary Karabell, head of global wealth management strategy for Envestnet Inc.
Jeffrey Lacker, President of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, VA., noted this month that "the Fed has a history of overreacting to financial market movements that appear to be unrelated to economic fundamentals.
Lacker, a voting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, who advocates an interest rate increase, cited decisions in 1998/1999 as an example.
A financial crisis in Asia led the Fed to cut its key interest rate by 0.75 percentage points in three sessions "despite limited discernible effects on growth in the USA", said Lacker.
A year later, the Fed representatives reversed these cuts.
The Fed should only prioritize aspects of financial stability during a severe crisis like the 2008 market collapse, said Adam S. Poznan, former member of the Bank of England's Interest Rate Setting Committee.
The recent turbulence is not coming near this level, he said.
"She certainly doesn't want to get into a situation where she's afraid of an interest rate hike because the markets are upset," said Poznan, president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
The Federal Reserve Act still contains the dual mandate and does not mention financial stability, and until that is changed, I don't think it should be ahead of its time.
Do you need a great Thai market?
Try LAX-C in Chinatown.
Yeah, Chinatown
The store / warehouse was opened in 1997 and is owned by LAX-C Inc.
LAX-C is often referred to as Thai Costco and is a Thai wholesale market which also sells to the general public.
Yeah, he's in Chinatown, not Thai Town.
The market/warehouse is a one-stop shop and offers a bewildering array of fresh, frozen and dried goods, popular Thai and Asian snacks, and tableware, furniture, religious decorations and Christmas decorations.
There is even a car department if you need motor oil.
The store is huge and it takes over an hour to stroll through the aisles.
If all that shopping makes you hungry, there is a meal for you in the LAX-C BBQ Express.
The cookshop (good and inexpensive) in this store is located near the cash registers and has various take-away options.
What there is here: Do you need anything - anything - Thai?
LAX-C probably has it.
Products are inexpensive and a number of them are sold in large quantities.
Fresh products include Asian specialities and regional Thai herbs, fruit and much more.
The meat counter is extensive, as is the fish counter - the staff behind the counter will clean and fillet the fish and even fry it for you if you wish.
A good part of the shop belongs to the massive freezer department. Here you will find frozen curry leaves, bitter melon and galangal, whole ducks, fish, beef blood and bile, pork natural gut, fish balls, regional sausage, commercially prepared foods and more.
Who buys here: restaurant owners and cooks, also individual families and individuals.
The wide aisles are suitable for shopping trolleys and forklift trucks.
You will find here: fresh Monthong Durian next to the cash desk.
Where he is: The store is located in an industrial area of Los Angeles on the outskirts of Chinatown and downtown - a few blocks away from Philippe The Original.
Parking: LAX-C has its own parking area, together with other shops and restaurants.
Even if the shop is well attended, it is not difficult to find a parking space.
Hoyerswerda: Small life assistance for refugees
More and more refugees are arriving in Germany these days.
To give them a warm welcome would not be possible without the commitment of countless volunteers.
In Hoyerswerda, too, there are quite a number of people who unselfishly support asylum seekers in the city.
Among them are Petra and Klaus Heine.
Petra Heine is a teacher with heart and soul.
Even with her 74 Lenzen she still likes to teach.
Every Thursday she does it in the asylum seekers' home on Dillinger Strasse.
There she helps refugees from Syria, Kurdistan, Kosovo and Pakistan to learn the German language.
Of course, this is completely different from teaching at a real school.
Brazil's paediatric society Rio Grande promotes nutrition for healthy breastfeeding
The Brazilian paediatric organisation SPRS is trying to educate women in a shocking way about the importance of good nutrition during breastfeeding. She does this by presenting pictures of babies sucking on breasts painted with depictions of unhealthy foods.
Breast milk consists of a variety of proteins, fats, vitamins and carbohydrates that give babies all the nutrients they need to build a strong immune system.
Due to the additional energy requirements, pregnant women and young mothers are advised to increase their daily calorie intake by about 500 calories per day.
However, new research suggests that a higher calorie intake is not the only dietary adjustment mothers should make.
A recent study led by Robert Waterland, professor at the Baylor College of Medicine in Texas, showed that a healthy diet of pregnant women actually affects the genes of their babies and protects them from developing tumors.
Unfortunately, an unhealthy diet of the child can negatively influence the immune system.
Exceptions for the new Bernried sports hall
The Bernried municipal council approved the building application for the 2.3 million euro sports hall.
And he made an exception.
The roof may become flatter for solar power systems.
The plans for the long-awaited gymnasium construction at the Bernried sports grounds are progressing step by step: In the latest meeting of the municipal council, the elaborated building application was unanimously approved without much discussion.
Previously, the committee had decided, among other things, on an application for an "exemption" or "exemption" from the valid development plan.
The "exception" was about the permission for a special form regarding the roof construction.
According to this, a "gable roof with non-central ridge and roof overhang" is to be erected.
The background to the planning is the intended use of the roof area for solar systems: "This will give us a wonderfully large south-facing roof together," explained Mayor Josef Steigenberger at the meeting.
The "exemption" was again about the roof pitch, which for energy reasons - in contrast to what is stipulated in the development plan - should be less than ten degrees.
The volume of the hall is thus significantly reduced.
An "exemption" became necessary because the development plan does not allow any "exceptions" with regard to the roof pitch - although the Bernried local council generally tends to be rather restrictive when applying for an exemption.
However, the construction of the gymnasium is not a recurring project: "We are not setting a precedent with this," says Steigenberger.
The construction of the gymnasium at the sports centre is a joint project of the municipality and the SV Bernried.
Costs of around 2.3 million euros have been taken into account.
Grants are expected from school and mass sports promotion.
In the next procedural step, the building application for the 18 x 36 metre hall will now be submitted to the district administration office for examination.
Peißenberg clinic moves to Schongau
The Peißenberg hospital is to be closed earlier than planned - in 2016.
At the same time, Dr. Wilhelm Fischer (66) will become the new Medical Director at the Schongau Hospital.
The station as well as the majority of the employees move from Peißenberg to Schongau.
This is what the surprising plans of the district's Krankenhaus GmbH (Hospital Ltd.) provide for, which was confirmed by District Administrator Andrea Jochner-Weiß.
However, the Supervisory Board will make a decision on this and will meet next Wednesday, September 23.
Should the plans be implemented, all of the almost 50 employees at the hospital in Peißenberg would continue to work.
The overwhelming majority should move with Fischer and the still existing Inner Station to Schongau.
The rooms were available.
Those employees who cannot come to Schongau will be offered a job in Weilheim, according to Jochner-Weiß.
The employees were informed about the plans.
The change was triggered by the dismissal of Dr. Andreas Eder, who has only been Medical Director of the Schongau Clinic since the beginning of the year and is now moving to a private practice in the immediate vicinity of the hospital.
According to Jochner-Weiß, the name "Fischer" came into play when it came to the question of who should succeed him, and he agreed to take over as head of the team from 1 October and move to Schongau with his team.
For the hospital in Schongau, this would in any case mean an "upgrading" and a broadening of the range of services in the field of "internal medicine", according to Jochner-Weiß.
Fischer is a specialist for pacemakers and defibrillators.
Schongau (180 beds) specialises in gastroenterological diseases on the inner ward.
If the supervisory board agrees, Fischer and his team will run both hospitals for the next two years until the former hospital of the miners' association, which still has 35 beds, is finally closed down in Peißenberg next year after almost 140 years.
Previously, the district had planned this for 2018, when the current renovation of the Weilheim hospital will be completed.
District Administrator Jochner-Weiß, who is also the chairwoman of the supervisory board, has countered rumours that the house, which is owned by the Federal Miners' Social Insurance (Bundesknappschaft), will be used in future as accommodation for asylum seekers.
"I rule that out". Jochner-Weiß was unable to say how the property would continue, there were several considerations.
At present, a Caritas short-term care facility and a day psychiatric clinic are located there.
"Nothing better could have happened to us, an opportunity like this does not come back", said Fischer about the quasi-move to the Lech, which was "positively and very understandingly" received by the employees.
There was no real perspective for the house where Fischer has been working as head physician for over 30 years.
He had been asked by Schongauer colleagues to take over the post of medical director.
The Peißenberg hospital (once with 100 beds) was repeatedly threatened with closure in the past decades, departments were closed, for example surgery and obstetrics.
The handball players of the Rhein-Neckar Löwen are challenged tonight (20.15) at the Bergisch HC.
Although the Bundesliga leaders are the clear favourites in Wuppertal, there is no reason for arrogance.
Last season, the team from Baden suffered a painful defeat at the BHC and have made up for it there.
Hunting accident with two injured near Pratau
Two tractor drivers were seriously injured by shots during their maize harvest on Tuesday afternoon.
During the harvest on a maize field near Pratau (district Wittenberg), several hunters were on duty, according to the police.
After a shot was fired, a 63-year-old and a 22-year-old man suffered serious injuries and were taken to hospitals.
How exactly the accident could have happened was not clear at first.
The criminal investigation department is investigating.
Missing 16-year-old girl from Rhineland-Palatinate victim of violent crime
A suspect led the police to the body of the 16-year-old girl from Rhineland-Palatinate who has been missing since Saturday.
During interrogation, the 20-year-old admitted killing the teenager and dumping her body in a canal in Rockenhausen.
A 16-year-old girl from Rhineland-Palatinate who has been missing since Saturday has fallen victim to a violent crime.
The body of the young woman was found on Tuesday evening in Rockenhausen near Kaiserslautern, as the public prosecutor's office and police announced on Wednesday.
A 20-year-old man, also arrested on Tuesday evening, is considered a suspect. According to the statement, he confessed to the crime and led the investigators to the place where the body was found.
The 16-year-old had been reported missing on Sunday morning after she had not come home as agreed the evening before after attending an autumn festival in Rockenhausen.
In their search for the young woman, the investigators first came across the victim's personal belongings.
Questioning friends and acquaintances of the missing person finally led to suspicion that the 20-year-old had committed a crime.
The suspected perpetrator then led the police to a canal in Rockenhausen, where the body was found.
According to the authorities, the arrested man admitted during police interrogation that he had killed the 16-year-old and put the body in the canal.
The 20-year-old was to be presented to the magistrate on Wednesday, the investigators are charging him with manslaughter.
Further investigations are expected to shed light on the details of the crime.
Refugees need shelter: Study warns of housing shortage
The situation on the German housing market is tense.
More and more refugees are also looking for an affordable place to stay.
The pressure on the housing market is growing.
Social housing is facing a challenge.
The distribution struggles in the German housing market have long since begun.
With the arrival of refugees and job seekers from the EU, more and more people are pushing their way into a market that is already overcrowded in many large cities.
They compete with low-income citizens for the last affordable housing.
To meet the demand for affordable housing, 400,000 new units would have to be built each year until 2020.
This is the result of a study commissioned by the association "Sozialer Wohnungsbau".
For comparison: 260,000 units will be completed in Germany this year.
This means that 140,000 apartments are missing.
After the first three months of their stay, refugees are no longer obliged to live as asylum seekers in initial reception accommodation.
Many then come across the housing market and join the long lines in front of the rental apartments.
According to the Federal Statistical Office, however, less than half of all asylum seekers lived in rented accommodation last year.
However, the negative development of the housing market is not only due to the increasing number of refugees.
The study also identifies significant omissions in housing policy in recent years.
He said that Germany is facing a housing deficit that is growing from year to year.
Currently, there is already a shortage of around 770,000 housing units in the conurbations, complains Matthias Günther, author of the study.
Many working people therefore had no choice but to live in shared rooms in large cities.
Young adults involuntarily stayed longer at "Hotel Mama" because of the slump on the housing market.
The number of square metres per capita in the large cities has fallen for the first time in recent years.
To solve the problem, the alliance "Social Housing" proposes a new start.
At the same time, new incentives are intended to revive social housing construction.
For example, the land transfer tax could be waived and the land tax for subsidised housing could be temporarily suspended.
In addition, according to the alliance, attractive tax depreciation options are necessary.
The support programme for refugee accommodation of the state bank KfW is already well received by cities and municipalities.
A good week after the launch, 184 million euros had already been called up on Monday evening, more than half of the approximately 300 million euros available.
Now the project could even be increased.
Refugees have free passage: Croatia and Slovenia establish corridor
It is practically impossible to get through to Hungary, as more and more refugees are choosing the route via Croatia.
Zagreb announces that it will allow transit via Slovenia to the north without obstacles.
But the route is still dangerous.
Croatia wants to come to an agreement with the neighbouring country Slovenia on the establishment of a corridor for refugees.
"I have spoken with the Slovenian Minister of the Interior and if necessary we will organise a corridor," said the Croatian Minister of the Interior Ranko Ostojic.
Slovenia is located between Croatia and Austria and is already part of the Schengen zone.
The EU country Croatia is not yet a Schengen country.
After the sealing off of the Serbian-Hungarian border, hundreds of refugees set off for Croatia in order to reach Western Europe from there.
500 people crossed the border at Tovarnik, reports the Croatian television station RTL.
Hungary had sealed off its border for refugees the day before.
Moreover, new laws that came into force on the same day make ordinary asylum procedures in Hungary practically superfluous.
Croatia wants to let the refugees pass.
Croatian Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic said: "You can pass through, and we are preparing for this opportunity".
These people are there, they are women, children and men who want to live and achieve something.
However, they were people who did not want to live in Croatia.
In the morning, the Croatian police had apprehended the first refugees at the border of Serbia with the EU neighbouring country Croatia.
According to media reports, most of them came from Syria, Iran and Afghanistan.
They came to the Serbian border town of Sid both by bus and by taxi.
Immediately after their arrival they tried to cross the green border into Croatia on foot.
On the Croatian-Serbian border the refugees do not encounter border fences.
But the border strip holds other dangers: Sharp mines from the Yugoslavian civil war in the 1990s are still lying there.
Deminers should now quickly create a safe passage.
However, hardly any refugees come to Hungary after the closure of the border.
On Tuesday the police counted 366 apprehended people.
Shortly before the closing of the gates on Monday it had been 9380.
The new Hungarian laws classify the overcoming and damaging of the border fence as a criminal offence.
In the southern Hungarian border town of Szeged, 35 criminal proceedings were therefore initiated.
The convicts face prison sentences of up to five years and deportation from the country.
According to the immigration authorities, a total of 94 asylum applications were accepted in the newly established "transit zones" at the border on Tuesday, almost all of them - 93 - at the most important crossing point in Röszke.
Among the applicants were 13 families with small children and two elderly people.
On Wednesday morning there would still have been 40 refugees there.
However, practically no one has any prospect of being granted asylum in Hungary.
In the Hungarian view, Serbia is a "safe third country".
The rejected asylum seekers are to be deported there.
Before the "transit zone" in Röszke only a few hundred refugees gathered.
Workers in Röszke started to clean up.
They collected the garbage that tens of thousands of people had left by the roadside in the past weeks.
Barriers were dismantled and one of the reception camps in the border town was rebuilt.
No one wanted to comment on the goal of this reconstruction.
After the closure of the border between Serbia and Hungary, only few refugees reach Austria.
The country has also strengthened its border controls.
According to the government, however, around 20,000 migrants were still in the country.
In Salzburg, about 1400 people are waiting to continue their journey to Germany.
The train service from there to Germany was stopped in the morning on the instructions of German authorities.
Smaller groups of refugees regularly arrived in Freilassing on foot.
Mayor drove "stranded" across the border
"We were busy cleaning up after the bridge festival on Sunday, when suddenly ten people with suitcases were standing at the entrance of the tent", said Wernstein's mayor Alois Stadler.
Tourists, they wanted to take the train to Passau.
But because Germany had surprisingly stopped rail traffic with Austria on Sunday because of the stream of refugees, it was over for them in Wernstein," said Stadler, who immediately offered his help and chauffeured the stranded people together with two other helpers and their cars across the border into the Nahe Passau region.
Before that we first of all entertained the unexpected guests with snacks and drinks.
We said right away that we would take her to Passau by car.
"That was a matter of course for us," Stadler said in the OÖN interview.
They were very grateful.
One man insisted on making a generous donation - 100 euros for the fire department.
"We were very pleased about that," said Stadler.
The stranded train passengers had changed from an ICE to a regional train to Passau on Sunday evening in Wels to try to cross the border after the announcement at short notice that rail traffic to Germany was suspended.
But the regional train was stopped before the border in Wernstein am Inn.
In Wernstein, cross-border cooperation is generally very popular.
The Bridge Festival connected with the Bavarian neighbours in a convivial way on Sunday, the day before a Zweibrückenlauf sporty - organized by the Union Wernstein and Bavaria from Neukirchen.
That Viktor Orbán is now sending tens of thousands more to us is a logical result of a hypocritical policy:
Instead of immediately helping in the Röszke camp to establish structures that would guarantee humanity, our Federal Chancellor has, in a highly official and public manner, brought the attitude of the Hungarian government into the haze of National Socialism.
The victims of this policy are not only those Austrians who are now confronted with chaotic conditions in the border areas.
Even the refugees will have to realize that the "promised land" that invited and welcomed them is nothing but another refugee camp.
It will be a great challenge, in view of the continuing streams of refugees and the approaching winter, to establish humane conditions for those seeking protection in our country.
And it will be an even greater one - to maintain peace, security and stability in Austria.
Konrad in search of 35,000 winter-proof quarters
Konrad has his hands full with the refugee accommodation.
Christian Konrad is used to his word having weight.
The government used the former powerful Raiffeisen banker to set up quarters for the thousands of refugees.
Konrad has already got the chaos in the first admission centre in Traiskirchen under control.
"We have no more homeless people in Traiskirchen", he reported on his first success.
The accommodation of the 20,000 refugees who had come to Austria on Monday had also been carried out without much fuss, Konrad said, and praised the organizational "masterpiece".
The Ministry of the Interior, however, spoke of a "crisis situation".
Konrad expects a total demand of 85,000 quarters this year.
In order to meet the number, 35,000 accommodations still have to be found in the coming weeks - 20,000 are to be provided by the states, 15,000 by the federal government.
If there are more refugees, we can do it.
"But it's not a bottomless pit," said Konrad.
He has already held talks with the state governors.
They had assured him that they would also provide accommodation for the refugees to come.
"Things are going well in Upper Austria," said Ferry Maier.
The former VP-mandate supports Konrad.
Tomorrow there will be a meeting with Cardinal Christoph Schönborn to clarify how the Church will help.
The asylum coordinator also has great expectations for the ORF campaign "Helfen wie wir" (Help like us).
On the platform, private individuals can offer accommodation in an uncomplicated way.
Moreover, one hopes for hotels that are empty in winter.
Konrad and Maier yesterday criticized the standards for accommodation as "very high".
In times of need, it is not acceptable that quartermasters have to comply with a certain height of towel rails or size of skylights.
For a limited period of time, "emergency standards" would have to apply.
Konrad explains that, in contrast to the Ministry of the Interior, he is more successful in terms of accommodation, based on his experience.
I am an elderly gentleman who is not easily told the untruth to his face.
Persuasion is his most important weapon.
Konrad and Maier are not charging the Republic any costs, as they themselves stated.
They want to increase their number of employees to three or four.
The own search for accommodation has not yet been successful.
Konrad wanted to set up a container on Stephansplatz as an office.
However, there appear to be problems with the permit.
Linz calls for a better distribution
For the time being, the city of Linz is not planning to open municipal sports halls and other buildings such as the Tips Arena and Design Center to accommodate refugees.
This is not necessary at the moment, as it is currently possible to accommodate those affected without these measures, says Mayor Klaus Luger (SP).
In case of an emergency, however, further locations are to be tested for their suitability.
The city leader criticizes the distribution of refugees within the state.
Other districts must also make their contribution here.
Seehofer: "Borders are not sealed off"
In a lengthy telephone conversation with Bavarian Premier Horst Seehofer (CSU), the head of the state government, Josef Pühringer (VP), has agreed on Monday on how to proceed in the refugee question.
Seehofer has assured me that the German borders will not be sealed off.
The continued travel of refugees to the Federal Republic of Germany was still possible.
However, there are now the appropriate border controls.
Special trains with refugees to Germany will no longer be available for the time being.
However, the persons seeking protection would be brought to Germany by regular trains.
Pühringer once again called on the other EU member states to show greater solidarity in the refugee issue.
The fact that Austria is now also reintroducing controls at its borders is, for Pühringer, "a logical consequence" of the Germans' actions.
The next Runtastic is a matter of time
The general refurbishment of the "Neue Werft" in the Linz Industriezeile is officially completed.
The listed IT group S&T has moved into four of the six floors of the office and production building, and the remainder (2700 square meters) is to be leased to young, innovative companies in the technology sector.
"In IT, smart people are our raw material - and we must try to make them work for us", says S&T CEO Hannes Niederhauser.
He could envisage investing in start-up companies in the new yard and later also acquiring some.
Right from the start, S&T wants to cooperate with its new neighbors - something Niederhauser has high hopes of: "The next Runtastic is only a matter of time".
1.7 million euros were invested in the site by S&T and 3.3 million euros by the Techcenter, which is owned by the City of Linz, the province of Upper Austria and the federal government (FFG) in equal parts.
The building is leased by Linz AG to S&T and Techcenter for 60 years.
30 percent of the remaining 2700 square meters in the building have already been leased, and there are inquiries for another 40 percent.
Lia Peroni owner opened second store in the arcade
Furla handbags are the focus of the new shop.
Jutta Breit actually wanted to get a dog.
The 49-year-old owner of Lia Peroni in the Taubenmarkt arcade had to postpone this project without further ado: after all, she has now gained a new addition in the form of another business premises.
In the Furla shop opposite the store, where she sells, among other things, bags, suitcases, shoes and garments from various manufacturers, everything now revolves around women's handbags of the Furla brand, purses are available from 75 euros.
Larger bags and accessories cost up to 500 euros.
Since yesterday the new shop is in operation.
Previously, several weeks of rebuilding were spent.
"But I've been thinking for a long time about whether to open another shop," says Breit.
One of the decisive factors in the decision was that the Furla producers, who are at home in Bologna, were also taken with the idea of having their own location where only their handbags are sold.
"We are the only ones in the Linz area who sell this brand," says the mother of two daughters, who herself has Italian roots.
Her interest in fashion has been handed down from her mother to Breit.
I like it best when something develops and I can show new trends at affordable prices.
Why so many women go into raptures at the sight of a beautiful handbag cannot be answered with absolute certainty even by an expert.
Maybe it is because a nice bag enhances every outfit.
The Brulljesmacher from Kallstadt
The Palatinate ancestors of Donald Trump came from a place whose inhabitants are called show-offs.
Some people also associate this characteristic with the billionaire who wants to become US president.
Donald Trump (69) is always good for excitement.
Whether he makes xenophobic statements, attacks journalists rudely or reveals knowledge gaps in international crisis policy - the candidate for the US presidency is stirring up the election campaign.
And you're doing well.
This is also registered in Kallstadt in the Palatinate, where the grandparents of the real estate billionaire come from.
The New Yorker with the blow-dry hairstyle is a household name to many in the winegrowing village on the Wine Route.
Some people in the 1200 inhabitant town is related to him by over -zig corners.
His grandfather came from Kallstadt in the Palatinate: Donald Trump, here in the election campaign mode.
Simone Wendel from Kallstadt made a film about Trump.
And what do the villagers think about his goal to become the most powerful man in the world?
"I think they find it somehow exciting, but in their Kallstadt way they are not so deeply impressed either," says Simone Wendel.
The native of Kallstadt has made an amusing documentary about the town and its famous offspring, which includes Trump and the Heinz ketchup family.
Trump, who is not known for modesty, also has his say in "Kings of Kallstadt" (2014) - with the statement that he would certainly be successful if he lived in Kallstadt.
He did not make king of hearts there.
While there is respect for the family's achievements, there is also a tendency to think that Trump is "a bit of a loudmouth", says Wendel.
Coincidentally, the nickname Kallstadt has in the vicinity is "Die Brulljesmacher" - in High German: the braggart, she says.
So Trump comes from the village of show-offs.
Trump's success story began in 1885, when the later grandfather emigrated and opened a gold-digger restaurant in the USA.
The cornerstone of the real estate group was the first land purchases in New York.
But the grandparents' lives were not free of tragedy: their wish to return home permanently failed because of the Bavarian state to which the Palatinate belonged at the time.
He had not recorded Trump because he had once left without permission, the director of the Institute for Palatinate History and Folklore, Roland Paul, had declared as a film release.
Trump was the grandson of an "illegal immigrant".
This is in contrast to the sometimes pithy statements of the descendant.
He had repeatedly spoken disparagingly about Mexican immigrants in the USA and called for the construction of a border wall to deter illegal immigrants.
"The way he rumbles, it's not so sympathetic," says Hans-Joachim Bender, a distant relative of Trump's ("Grandma was a born Trump, grandpa was a born Heinz").
The retired winemaker sees the American rather distanced, "he is always so quick-tempered".
Does he think Trump's coming?
"I can't imagine that," says the 72-year-old.
"He never cared about Kallstadt".
The pension landlady Veronika Schramm mentions, like many a Kallstadter, that a descendant of the Heinz family donated something for the church organ during a visit, which was generally well received.
"I can't imagine Donald doing that," says the 68-year-old.
She thinks it would be better if he did not win the election, because "he has such radical views, I don't know if that is good.
If those who were in charge in the USA at his grandfather's time had been like him, "he would never have got there at all".
"There are more interesting topics than him," says winegrower's daughter Sarah Bühler.
And as president?
"It's not my president," she says.
And: "The grapes will ripen even without President Trump".
Wendel's film, for which Trump was interviewed for a long time, was seen by 12,000 cinema-goers, and interest is also awakening in the USA.
The Upper Bavarian community of Ramsau near Berchtesgaden is Germany's first "mountaineering village".
From the hand of the Vice President of the German Alpine Association, Ludwig Wucherpfennig, the village of 1800 inhabitants in the Berchtesgaden National Park received the award for gentle tourism on Wednesday.
In Austria there are already 20 "mountaineering villages".
In the neighbouring country, the local Alpine Club is responsible for awarding the prize.
A "mountaineering village" may have a maximum of 2500 inhabitants.
At least one fifth of its area must be designated as a protected area.
Seven's Sunrise dominates the ratings, despite Nine's attempts to take over the loss of leadership on the Today show
Karl Stefanovic and Lisa Wilkinson are rushing to Canberra to report following the loss of Liberal leadership, but it hasn't resulted in major shifts in ratings for Today.
Nine's breakfast show was aired by the federal capital when Malcolm Turnbull managed the fall of Tony Abbott.
Rival Sunrise, with presenters David Koch and Samantha Armytage, was stuck in London as part of a week-long series of international television shows that included Dubai, New York, Niagara Falls and Cancun.
This disadvantage of distance did not seem to matter to Australian TV viewers, as Sunrise averaged 397,000 viewers in the five capitals, compared to 339,000 today.
Today saw a slight increase over the ratings for Monday (317,000) and last Tuesday (283,000), but its number was lower than last Thursday (343,000).
Today has closed the gap to Sunrise in recent months.
In August, Today averaged 318,000 compared to the 330,000 of Sunrise.
At the beginning of the year, the gap was between 40,000 and 50,000.
So far in September, Sunrise has an average of 349,000 viewers compared to 314,000 on Today.
This is the most interesting thing that happens every morning.
The winds of change affect these morning people more than Parliament!
Karl and Lisa are fine, thanks for checking!
Written by TODAY on Monday, September 14, 2015
The big news for Seven was the impressive 800-word debut with former Packed to the Rafters series star Erik Thomson.
The new drama about a recently widowed father who decides to settle on the coast of New Zealand with his two children reached a very impressive 1.219 million viewers.
Critics had wondered if Thomson could carry a hit show solo without the rafters star Rebecca Gibney.
Last night's result answered this with a clear "yes".
The X-Factor of Seven remained strong with 1.136 million viewers and easily beat The Block (838,000) and TBL Families (726,000).
Seven had mixed results on evening two of The Chase Australia.
The first half hour (17:00 to 17:30) of the new quiz show, hosted by Andrew O'Keefe, averaged 446,000 viewers.
The second half hour (17:30 to 18:00) jumped to 623,000 spectators - enough for a small victory over Eddie McGuire's hot seat (613,000).
On Monday evening the first half hour of The Chase Australia reached 520,000 spectators and in the second half hour a whopping 720,000.
Hot-seat average 620,000.
The drop in ratings on the second night of The Chase Australia will make Nine confident that Hot-Seat will finally win the day at 17:30.
The Chase Australia is a replacement for Million Dollar Minute that failed to outdo the McGuire show.
Originally released as 'Sunrise dominates while Today remains local'
The last three match: Bachelor Sam Wood is the perfect man - but who will he choose?
Secret revealed? ...
Lana Jeavons-Fellows, Sarah Mackay and Snezana Markoski may have unknowingly revealed who is winning The Bachelor.
The woman that Sam Wood finally ends up with in The Bachelor was shrouded in the greatest secrecy.
And none of the three remaining girls will certainly not reveal whether she is the one who received the last rose.
But when we checked in with Sarah Mackay, Snezana Markoski and Lana Jeavons-Fellows the day before three become two, you may have inadvertently given a clue as to who the winner will be.
Sam Wood is keeping his lips tightly sealed until Thursday's final
All three women lyrically talked about why Wood is the perfect man, citing his sense of humor, ambition, family values and positive attitude as reasons why they would like to be his partner.
However, if the question is asked "If not you, who should receive Wood's last rose?", her answers could become the spoilsport of who won the heart of the Bachelors.
Jeavons-Fellows and Markoski both quickly named Mackay as the best partner for Wood - apart from themselves.
Sarah Mackay and Sam Wood have had a simple relationship from day one.
"From the moment I went in the house and noticed (Sarah's) and Sam's energies, I felt they were quite compatible, and I thought that throughout the show," Jeavons-Fellows said.
"Sarah stands with both feet on the ground, it is so much fun to be with her," Markoski added.
I've seen them together, and they have the right chemistry.
They feel pleasant and comfortable together.
Sarah Mackay thinks that she and Sam Wood would be a good match.
From her point of view, Mackay said that last week's house call made her realize that Wood could be "the one.
"As soon as I saw him with my friends and family, I realized that this was obviously not just a game - I'm now fully committed to him," she said.
And when she was asked who Wood should choose if not her, she was puzzled.
"I don't know if I can say that," she said.
I love the remaining girls equally - it is a draw between Snezana and Lana.
The Bachelor will air on Wednesday, 7:30 p.m. on Ten.
Originally released as Sarah first choice for Sam Wood?
Jarryd Hayne had several options to begin his NFL career.
Detroit and Seattle showed great interest after his move to the USA - and there were many other teams who sent inquiries after his impressive open training day at the end of last year.
But Hayne chose the San Francisco 49ers and coach Jim Tomsula and it looks like a wise decision.
Some coaches would have relegated Hayne to the bench for the rest of the game when he lost a scramble the way the Aussie Rugby League convert did on his first punt-return on Tuesday in a 20-3 win over Minnesota.
But Tomsula trusted his man and gave Hayne the next opportunity to make a point return and also into the ongoing game after an injury to Reggie Bush.
Tomsula continued to show his true colors in the dressing room after the game.
Instead of grinding his rookies through the mill before the rest of the team, he encouraged them.
Tomsula also publicly strengthened Hayne in his press conference after the game.
49er sports reporter Cam Inman reported that Hayne was also encouraged by special teams coordinator Thomas McGaughey, who advised him to forget his botched catch and get on with the next game.
Jarryd Hayne fails in a punt that was restored by the Minnesota Vikings in the first quarter
It was certainly not the start Hayne and his massive Australian following had hoped for in his NFL debut.
Hayne left the field cursing after the fumble and later told Australian radio duo Hamish & Andy on 2DayFM 104.1 that he couldn't imagine a worse start to his NFL career,
"That was a thing that happens, you just worry about the next game, and that's it," Hayne said.
Hayne compared the carver to his Origin debut back in 2007, when a pass at in his own in-Goal area led to a try for Queensland.
All in all, it was still a great experience for the 27-year-old.
Hayne posed for a photo with fans holding an Australian flag after the game and posted it on his instagram.
Elton John and Russian President Vladimir Putin meet to discuss gay rights
Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Russia's richest man, was arrested by force of arms on a Siberian tarmac.
After openly challenging President Vladimir Putin, Khodorkovsky was condemned, his oil company Yukos was seized and his democratic efforts were halted.
The Free Voters demand the employment of 1000 new teachers in Bavaria because of the high number of refugees.
Party and faction leader Hubert Aiwanger warned at the beginning of the FW autumn retreat in Großwallstadt of a serious crisis at Bavarian schools if there are not correspondingly new teachers for the many new pupils: "We need at least 1000 additional teachers to save the schools from collapsing", said Aiwanger.
"Otherwise we'll get distortions in the Bavarian education system."
The state parliamentary faction of the free voters is meeting in the Lower Franconian municipality until Friday.
Actually, quite different main topics were planned.
But the record number of refugees now also dominates the Free Voters' Meeting.
"Of course the issue of asylum will overshadow the exam," Aiwanger said.
Aiwanger called for the establishment of UN protection zones for refugees in Syria, as they had been during the Yugoslav wars in the 1990s.
"We can't go on like this, we have to go to the causes", said the Free Voters' Leader.
Rejected asylum seekers want to deport free voters as soon as possible.
Therefore, Aiwanger also asked for more staff for the administrative courts responsible for asylum claims: "We also need at least 50 new asylum judges," Aiwanger said.
The FW head criticized that several federal states were not consistent: "We need uniform standards of the federal states nationwide.
"Bavaria pushes off, others don't."
"We need to be more efficient."
However, state politics in Großwallstadt should not be allowed to fall by the wayside.
One issue that will remain on the agenda for years to come is education policy.
For the new school year, the Minister of Education Ludwig Spaenle (CSU) has started the pilot test "Mittelstufe plus" at 47 grammar schools, in which an extension of the grammar school middle school from three to four years will be tested - as a result, it will take another nine years until the Abitur.
But that does not go far enough for Aiwanger.
"The G9 issue must be accelerated," said the FW head.
We demand freedom of choice for all grammar schools that want it.
Free movement of the G9 wherever you want it.
Firmer Wall Street helps Dax get back on track
The German stock market closed with profits after a largely directionless and nervous trading session for most of the year.
Only in the afternoon did a firmer start to the US stock markets provide a clear direction, which ultimately pushed the Dax up by 0.56 percent to 10 188.13 points.
The MDax mid-cap index gained 0.54 percent to 19 552.88 points.
The technology-driven TecDax rose by 1.03 percent to 1736.69 points.
The EuroStoxx 50, the leading index for the euro zone, advanced by 1.01 percent to 3207.60 points.
The trading centres in London and Paris also recorded solid profits.
In the USA, the Dow Jones Index recently gained around 1 percent.
Many stock market participants expect that the markets will be at a standstill until after the interest rate decision in the USA and also until the big fall on the futures exchanges this Friday.
The discussion about the burdens from the nuclear phase-out has meanwhile pushed RWE shares to a record low and left deep marks on Eon as well.
According to "Spiegel", German energy companies may lack 30 billion euros in provisions.
The federal government denied the figures mentioned in the press.
The shares of Germany's two largest energy companies then recovered somewhat, but ultimately always lost 3.31 percent (RWE) and 6.15 percent (Eon).
Infineon shares rose by a further 3.22 percent at the top of the Dax.
According to one trader, a positive report from the US investor magazine "Barron's" over the weekend had an impact.
Accordingly, investors are currently paying too little attention to the German chip manufacturer.
The investments in promising wafer technologies and the focus on the automotive market should pay off.
Car values were in demand: Even in the traditionally weak summer month of August, more cars were sold than in the same period last year, as the industry association Acea announced at the start of the International Motor Show (IAA) in Frankfurt.
The shares of carmakers Daimler and BMW rose by 1.34 percent and 2.21 percent respectively.
The price of Volkswagen preferred cars rose by 1.26 percent.
On the German bond market, the current yield of listed German government securities fell to 0.48 (Friday: 0.50) percent.
The bond index Rex rose by 0.12 percent to 139.55 points.
The Bund future lost 0.71 percent to 154.11 points.
In the afternoon, the euro fell to 1.1262 dollars.
Around noon, the European Central Bank had set the reference rate at USD 1.1305 (1.1268).
The dollar thus cost EUR 0.8846 (0.8875).
4 people killed after police shoot rubber bullets at demonstrators in Nepal
Four people, including a 4-year-old boy, were killed in southern Nepal after police fired rubber bullets into a crowd demonstrating against the proposed new constitution, an official said Wednesday.
The violence erupted on Tuesday evening in the Rupandehi district, some 175 miles west of the capital Kathmandu.
Bishnu Prasad Dhakal, senior district official, said that more than 1,000 demonstrators had gathered outside a police station, some of them throwing stones and fire bombs.
Mr Dhakal said that the police used tear gas and then fired into the air before resorting to rubber bullets.
20 police officers and five civilians were injured, he said.
It was not immediately clear why the rubber bullets used, which are known to kill but are traditionally used as a less lethal alternative, apparently produced such a high death rate.
The clash was the latest in weeks of violent protests in Nepal's southern plains, where members of the Madhesi ethnic group say new provinces being formed under the proposed new constitution would reduce their political influence.
There were also protests in western Nepal by the Tharus ethnic group, who want their own state.
At least 40 people, including 11 police officers, have been killed in violent clashes since the 10th anniversary of the war.
He was killed on August 8 when the four major political parties signed an agreement to divide the country into provinces - an important step towards a new constitution, but a very controversial issue in Nepal, which has been centrally governed for centuries.
Work on a new constitution has been underway since 2008, but legislators accelerated the process after the devastating earthquake that killed thousands of people in April.
Legislators voted this week on certain clauses in the draft constitution in Kathmandu, and officials said the new constitution could come into force on Sunday.
Development area planned in the city
The property near the Emden youth centre Alte Post is to be built on again.
The city is currently preparing everything for the marketing of the 4000 square metre area.
A mixture of trade, business and residential is planned - but there are no concrete offers yet.
Emden - The city of Emden wants to market an approximately 4000 square metre plot of land in the direct vicinity of the Alte Post youth centre.
Preparations for this are currently underway.
It is planned to use the site for a mixture of trade, business and residential use.
One waits for corresponding offers, it says on the part of the city.
It was not yet clear which investor would be considered.
Accordingly, no contracts have yet been concluded.
The city of Emden had already bought part of the property, which is located on the Ringstraße / corner of Große Straße, several months ago and had the building on it demolished.
Project Hieve: Details are on the table
The plans for a holiday home settlement on the Kleines Meer near Emden are taking shape.
The investor presented plans for the project to the public for the first time.
Several residents are still worried - they fear the sell-out of their leisure retreat
For months, behind closed doors, negotiations had been conducted, pondered, debated and drawn.
Now the plans for a new holiday home settlement on the Small Sea near Emden are on the table.
The interested party, the medium-sized Emden-based company "System-Bau", presented its plans publicly for the first time on Monday evening in the urban development committee of the Emden council.
Originally, this item had been on the non-public part of the agenda.
Under the pressure of the project critics and the FDP faction, who accused the investors and the administration of secrecy, Ralf Behrends from the System-Bau management went on the offensive: "We still don't have an answer to all questions," he said before the council members and more than 50 visitors.
But it would be good to be able to counter all rumours now.
The project, costing around ten to twelve million euros, has been under discussion for months.
Violent reactions among sea stall owners who had come to the meeting evoked the pictures and new details of the desired hotel building.
Roberto Schulz, owner of a sea stall and member of the board of directors of the residents' lobby, Pro Hieve, complains: "This will be a giant block that towers above all other buildings".
In addition, like many other project critics, he fears that the traffic would increase considerably due to the intended size of the plant: "Whole bus loads must come in for this to pay off," says Schulz
What exactly happens on the one hectare large area of the former restaurant is still open, however.
There is no operator yet.
"First we must have a conclusive concept," said Ralf Behrends.
Because this is still missing, the development plans are also still variable.
Twin offspring with gorillas in Frankfurt Zoo
The Frankfurt Zoo is happy to have offspring with its gorillas.
26-year-old Dian gave birth to twins yesterday.
Twin births are rare among gorillas.
The last one in a German zoo was almost 50 years ago and was also in Frankfurt in 1967, according to the zoo.
The sex of the newborn gorilla twins has not yet been determined, as mother Dian has been keeping them close to the body.
First the "Bild" had reported.
NHC predicts 60 percent chance of cyclone south of Cape Verde
The US National Hurricane Center on Tuesday predicted a broad low-pressure system about 350 miles (560 km) south of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands with a 60 percent chance of developing into a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours.
Another clearly defined low-pressure system about halfway between the Cape Verde Islands and the Lesser Antilles also has a 60 percent potential to form a tropical cyclone in the next two days, added the Miami-based weather experts.
Google launches duplicate donation campaign to raise $11 million for refugees
Google Inc (GOOGL. O) announced a double-donation campaign to raise $11 million for humanitarian organizations to help thousands of refugees who have overrun European nations as they flee war-torn and impoverished countries.
Google has taken an unusually personal approach in announcing the donation appeal on its blog.
Instead of having a manager make the announcement, Rita Masoud, a Google employee who fled Kabul with her family when she was seven years old, wrote about her personal experiences.
"Our journey included many dark train and bus journeys, as well as hunger, thirst, cold and fear," she wrote.
I got lucky.
But as the refugee and migrant crisis in Europe has grown, many people like my family are desperately seeking help.
The donations go to four non-profit organizations that provide aid for refugees and migrants: Doctors without Borders, International Rescue Committee, Save the Children and UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Google said that the first globally collected donations up to a value of 5.5 million on google.com/refugeerelief will be doubled to $ 11 million.
Europe is facing its worst refugee crisis since the Second World War, largely caused by the four-year civil war in Syria, which displaced more than 4 million people this year.
Many also flee from war-torn Afghanistan, Yemen, Iraq and Libya.
Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; edited by Christian Plumb
For slightly overweight diabetics, weight loss surgery can be helpful.
The benefits of weight loss surgery for slightly overweight people with type 2 diabetes may last at least five years according to a new study.
It is still too early to say whether slightly overweight people with diabetes after weight loss surgery live longer than those who receive non-surgical treatments.
"Mortality data takes a long time to show anything," said Dr Robin Blackstone, a weight loss surgery expert who wrote an editorial on the new study in JAMA Surgery.
Weight loss surgery or obesity surgery, use various methods to reduce the size of the stomach.
They reduce hunger and limit the body's ability to absorb food.
Over the years, obesity surgery has proven effective in treating type 2 diabetes, but most studies have been conducted in people who are morbidly obese with a body mass index (BMI) of 35 or higher.
BMI, a certain amount of weight in relation to height, is considered normal between 18.5 and 24.9.
A BMI of 25 or more indicates that someone is overweight, and people with a BMI over 30 are considered obese.
You can calculate your BMI here: 1.usa.gov/1D0ZqDv
For the new study, researchers from Taiwan's Min-Sheng General Hospital used data they have collected since 2007 in a study comparing two types of obesity surgery - gastric bypass and gastric tube formation - on medical treatments for type 2 diabetes in people who were slightly overweight.
The average BMI among those who underwent this surgery fell from 31 to 24.5 by the end of the fifth year in this study.
Meanwhile, the BMI remained about the same at 29 for those who received non-surgical diabetes treatments.
Among those who underwent surgery, 36% had their diabetes completely resolved and 28% partially resolved.
In the medically treated group, in comparison, only one percent of the patients with diabetes developed diabetes completely and only about two percent of the patients with diabetes developed diabetes.
In addition, the results of controls for blood pressure, triglycerides and "bad" LDL cholesterol were "generally better in the 'surgical' group," the authors found.
The researchers also monitored patient blood levels of hemoglobin A1c, which reflects blood glucose levels over time.
Hemoglobin A1c is best kept below 7 percent, the researchers write.
After the operation, the average haemoglobin A1c level dropped from around 9 percent to around 6 percent.
In the medical therapy group, however, it remained stable at around 8 percent.
But this better "glycemic control" - as reflected in improved hemoglobin A1c levels - did not reduce mortality in five years, according to lead researcher Dr. Chih-Cheng Hsu and his colleagues.
The research team also compared average results for the two types of surgery.
In the fifth year, the bypass surgery group had lost more weight compared to the gastrectomy group (18.7 vs. 14.2 kg), achieved greater decreases in BMI (7.4 vs. 5.1) and hemoglobin A1c (3.1% vs. 2.1%) and were more likely to have completely overcome diabetes (46.9% vs. 16.7%).
While the new study shows no survival benefit of surgery after five years, there is evidence from a study of heavier people in Sweden that surgery leads to a longer life, says Blackstone of the University of Arizona, College of Medicine Phoenix.
In the Swedish study, obese people undergoing obesity surgery were about 29 percent less likely to die within 15 years compared to a group that tried more conventional methods.
Although the new study showed no survival benefit in surgical patients, Blackstone said it was reassuring for people with a BMI below 35 who are interested in the procedure.
"This is the critical point of this study because it says this surgery is lower in this lower BMI group," without increased risk of death or kidney disease, she said.
Blackstone added that people and their doctors should start taking weight seriously as soon as the patient's BMI is between 27 and 30.
"I think that we wait too long to get people to take this seriously," she said.
I think that once they have accumulated these genetic changes that have hardwired their bodies to obesity and diabetes, a reversal is really hard".
Love story takes place in the Hunsrück
It is a topic that is currently receiving increasing attention in fiction: A young woman, unpopular and unsightly in her school days, meets the crush of her youth again after years, and the latter falls in love with her.
This was also the case in the recently published novel "Eigentlich sind wir nicht so" by Luisa Binder.
Beyond the love story, the novel is likely to be of particular interest to Hunsrück readers, as it is set in boring towns and the surrounding villages.
The full-time author grew up in Langweiler and is pleased that she was able to set a literary monument to her home town.
"It is impossible that everyone can come to Europe" - Dalai Lama - RT-News
Europe cannot take in all refugees, the Dalai Lama said, adding that the real solution to the refugee crisis lies in the Middle East.
The Tibetan Buddhist leader called for an end to violence in the refugees' home countries.
The Dalai Lama raised the issue of the ongoing refugee crisis at the beginning of his ten-day visit to the United Kingdom in his speech at the opening of the Dalai Lama Centre for Compassion in Oxford, which is dedicated to ethical studies.
He demanded that in the given circumstances the interests of humanity should be put before the interests of individual nations or even continents.
He also stressed that the reaction of the Western European countries to the refugee crisis, while admirable, was not appropriate to the situation.
"It's impossible that anyone can come to Europe," he said in his speech.
Although the Dalai Lama praised Germany and Austria's efforts in overcoming the crisis, he stressed that it was only a temporary solution.
"Taking care of several thousand refugees is wonderful, but in the meantime you need to think about long-term solutions on how to create real peace and development, mainly through education, for these Muslim countries," he stressed.
Ultimately, we must think about how to reduce killing in their countries.
We must reduce the use of force.
"The use of force has never solved these problems," he added.
The Dalai Lama addressed the problem of violence and also commented on George Bush's actions after the terrorist attack of September 11, pointing out that the violent reaction of the USA resulted in a chain of uncontrollable events.
After 11 September, I expressed my condolences in a letter to President Bush, and I told him that the way to solve this problem was through non-violence.
"I know his motives were good, but he used violence, and that caused unexpected consequences," said the Dalai Lama.
Fourfold increase in the use of hand disinfectants by children in the last 4 years
Poison control centers in the United States report an almost 400 percent increase in the number of children under the age of 12 who swallow heavily alcoholic hand sanitizers, according to the Georgia Poison Center.
According to Dr. Gaylord Lopez, director of the Georgia Poison Center, cases of hand sanitizer receipts in children under 12 years of age reported by poison control centers rose from 3,266 in 2010 to 16,117 in 2014.
"Children are getting more and more frequent access to these products, and unfortunately a percentage of them end up going to the emergency room," Lopez told CNN.
He said that some children drink disinfectant on purpose, while some do it to impress their friends or because of a dare in social media.
Videos on YouTube show how teenagers drink disinfectants just for a cheap experience.
Teenagers have allegedly mixed disinfectants with mouthwash containing alcohol to obtain a harder drink.
Younger children can be attracted by attractive scents of the disinfectants.
"A child does not think that this is bad for him," said Lopez.
Many of the more attractive (hand disinfectants) are those that are perfumed.
There are disinfectants with strawberry, grape and orange scents that are very appealing to children.
Hand disinfectants contain somewhere between 45 and 95 percent alcohol.
Especially with small children, even a few splashes can lead to alcohol poisoning.
"It's highly concentrated alcohol," said Dr. Stephen Thornton, medical director of the poison control center at the University of Kansas Hospital, Fox 4 station in Kansa City.
So, you wouldn't leave a sip of whiskey standing around, but people leave these hand sanitizers within reach of children, and if children get hold of them, it is a quick way to consume a lot of alcohol.
Nhaijah Russell, a six-year-old girl who had recently taken four drops of strawberry-scented hand disinfectant at school, was taken to an emergency room for treatment.
Her blood alcohol level was 179, twice the legal threshold for an adult to be legally considered drunk, said Dr. Chris Ritchey, an emergency room physician who treated her at the Gwinnett Medical Center outside Atlanta.
Nhaijah slurred her words and was not able to leave when she arrived at the emergency room.
Doctors monitored her overnight in a separate children's hospital for signs of brain trauma as the girl had fallen through alcohol and hit her head, Ritchey said.
"That was very scary," Ortoria Scott, Nhaijah's mother, told CNN.
It could have been fatal to my child.
Lopez has recommended that parents and teachers use alcohol-free products or disinfectant wipes and store hand disinfectants out of reach of the child.
In addition to alcohol poisoning, some disinfectants were associated with deaths.
In 2013, two Ontario women died after swallowing hand disinfectants containing a toxic, undeclared ingredient.
Health officials suspect that the product contained methanol, a lethal solution, instead of ethyl alcohol, which was listed as the active ingredient.
In January, three fourth-grade students in New York State planned to poison their "mean" teacher by placing antibacterial products around the classroom," according to a police report.
The teacher is highly allergic to hand disinfectants and banished her from her room.
The police regarded the foiled plan as "gossip" and referred disciplinary measures to the school authorities.
Villingen-Schwenningen: Three vehicles damaged
In a rear-end collision on the crossbar between Nordring and Auf Herdenen, a 33-year-old driver was slightly injured in a rear-end collision.
A 60-year-old truck driver drove on the crossroads towards the roundabout industrial area and noticed too late that two vehicles in front had stopped at the roundabout.
As a result, he crashed his truck into the rear of an Audi and pushed this vehicle onto a Ford Fiesta standing in front of it.
According to the police, the vehicles involved in the accident suffered material damage of around 10,000 euros.
The Audi of the 33-year-old was no longer roadworthy and had to be towed away.
Rumour mill: No disharmony at Celtic
Griffiths plays down the talk of disharmony at Celtic Glasgow, Deila admits that the hoops are in a bad place, but that he will turn it around.
Hearts will fight SFA over Neilson's accusation and Warburton will be cautious about January new commitments that could destroy the squad's unity
Dons increase lead over Celtic to five points
ADAM Rooney's first-half penalty gave Aberdeen a narrow victory over Hamilton in Pittodrie, leaving the Dons with a five-point gap between themselves and Celtic.
Griffiths plays down talk of disharmony
There are rumours of disharmony at Celtic Glasgow, which Griffiths spontaneously dismissed. The latter insisted that he and his team-mates are not under increased control as they prepare for the confrontation with the Dutch championship leader.
I don't think we feel under pressure, I think the players are looking forward to it.
The lack of title competition in Scottish football bores Dutchmen - de Boer
Former Rangers midfielder and former Dutch international Ronald de Boer has said that Dutch football fans have lost interest in Celtic because there is no title rivalry with the Rangers.
De Boer, currently an ambassador for Ajax, said: "In Holland they don't show highlights of the Celtic games anymore and why?"
It's because the rangers aren't here.
People here aren't just talking about the Rangers coming back.
They're talking about the Old Firm.
They talk about both teams together and that is what they are interested in.
There is a lot of excitement in the old-firm games, and it is not only the people in Scotland who want to see these games.
I'll turn things around, Deila swears.
RONNY Deila accepted that Celtic has to fight, but the Norwegian boss swore to turn things around.
After the defeat against Malmö and their subsequent exit from the Champions League, they lost to ten men from Aberdeen, who are now clearly at the top of the table with a five-point lead.
But Deila said, "Celtic's had bad times before, and we'll be back."
Now we want to get out of there as soon as possible.
I know it is very frustrating and a lot of people are very, very angry or sad about what is happening.
We feel the same way - but we have to move on.
We really, really need the support of Celtic because it makes the players better.
Standing together now is so important.
Warburton cautious on January transfers
Despite his comments just a few weeks ago suggesting that he was targeting some January transfers, Rangers boss Mark Warburton is cautious about signing new additions and insists he does not want to disrupt the unity of the Ibrox squad.
The ex-boss of Brentford said, "The January transfer window is very different from the summer window."
The players who come in summer have this pre-season period to integrate what you have seen with our own group this season.
The team is really good.
Sometimes more damage is done by adding unnecessary players to what you really need.
Celtic target Michu with retreat notice
Swansea striker Michu, in conversation with Celtic during the transfer period, has hinted that he may withdraw when his contract with the Swans expires.
The 29-year-old has been plagued by an annoying ankle for two years and has not managed to get out of Wales this summer.
Hearts set on SFA battle over Neilson's comments
The Hearts led 2-1 when Paterson was sent off the field and then lost 3-2, but the defender's red card was later cancelled - Collum's third red card, revoked in eight months.
Neilson sticks to what he said and insists, "I didn't question integrity, I didn't comment on any performance."
Griffiths vows to avoid Tynecastle
The incorrigible Hibee was reprimanded after he admitted to singing a song with offensive lyrics about ex-Hearts player Rudi Skacel.
The incident occurred in a pub in the Roseburn area of Edinburgh before an Edinburgh Derby in Tynecastle in March 2014.
"It was a derby and it was the heat of the moment," said the striker, adding, "It's safe to say I won't be returning to Tynecastle unless it plays for Celtic Glasgow."
Tannadice Supervisory Board has confidence in Dundee United Management
Simon Donnelly insists that the Dundee United board of directors still has faith in the management team to turn things around - but admits that the decline must end on the pitch.
I think Stephen Thompson has faith in us.
We'll get the boys back on their feet," Donnelly said.
McInnes happy to "win ugly" against Hamilton.
Derek McInnes concedes that his Aberdeen side had to fight Hamilton Accies desperately to see a seventh successive league win that gave them a five-point lead over Celtic at the top of the standings thanks to Adam Rooney's first-half penalty.
McInnes said, "There's no team that's won everything, in cup games or leagues, that hasn't won games of that kind at times."
Unemployment in Scotland remains unchanged, while in the United Kingdom as a whole it is rising.
Unemployment in Scotland remained stable at 164,000 between May and July whilst the number of people out of work for the UK as a whole rose by 10,000 to 1.82 million over the same period.
Scotland's unemployment rate of 5.9 percent was higher than the UK's 5.5 percent, according to figures from the Office of National Statistics (ONS).
Meanwhile, employment in Scotland fell by 12,000 over the three months, with the number of employees now standing at 2,612,000.
The employment rate for Scotland fell to 74.0 per cent over the quarter - a figure above the UK average of 73.5 per cent.
Commenting on the latest figures, Scottish Secretary of State David Mundell said: "The Government's long-term plan has laid the foundations for a stronger economy.
It is almost exactly one year since Scotland made the historic decision to remain part of the United Kingdom.
In these 12 months we have seen further improvements in the Scottish labour market with employment rising and unemployment falling.
Drunks disrupted the flow
Since the security personnel could not resolve the situation, the employees called the police.
Only with the use of pepper spray could the officers take the troublemakers into custody.
A breath alcohol test showed 0.89 per thousand in a 16-year-old.
The adolescent was picked up by his mother.
A 28-year-old man had 2.15 per thousand and remained in custody for the time being.
Why I'm about to witness an execution in Oklahoma
A little later today, except for a late legal intervention, I will watch a man being put to death.
If it happens, and I hope it doesn't, I will be sitting in a gallery in the death chamber in the Oklahoma State Penitentiary when Richard Glossip is executed by lethal injection.
He has asked me to be one of the four official witnesses to his death.
The invitation was first extended in January through his best friend, and although I was shocked, I agreed.
As the day approached, I began to fear.
So why should I do it?
I agreed because I thought it would be a good way to tell the whole story about the death penalty.
It would offer a unique perspective.
It is true that journalists are allowed to watch executions in the USA, and since there are often more applications than seats available, a macabre lottery is held to decide who gets elected.
Oklahoma has reduced the number of media seats from 12 to five.
Those who are chosen will observe it without emotion.
I can't do this.
I will be sitting next to Richard Glossip's closest friend, with whom I have developed my own relationship over the months with phone calls and a two and a half hour visit.
I like this guy.
We often laugh a lot when we talk.
The prison authorities say that I cannot be a witness and a journalist, so I will not be allowed to take a notebook and pen to record what I see.
I just have to try to remember all the details.
A journalist from Oklahoma accused me on Twitter of giving up my impartiality.
Here's the lesson.
Tell the inmate's story the way he wants to, and you'll get access.
I complained to her.
She admitted that she "could have put it better", but she still thinks it's wrong what I'm doing.
Richard Glossip had problems with some of the things I said and wrote.
He doesn't tell me what to write, and I wouldn't do it even if he did.
I told him he could remove me from his list of witnesses at any time.
But he wants an international reporter present to write there.
When he dies, he thinks that public relations will help the movement against the death penalty.
Kim Bellware, a reporter for the Huffington Post, will be sitting next to me.
If you want to know more about the case, please listen to the series of podcasts I made.
I don't want to go into all the details here again.
I can't say for sure that Richard Glossip is innocent.
His actions after the murder of Barry Van Treese would make him guilty of being a beneficiary of the crime.
But I think there's a strong possibility he's not guilty of murder.
I certainly don't think there's enough evidence to warrant a death sentence.
I believe that his execution is wrong.
And from that perspective, I will watch him die.
I can't claim to be entirely objective.
There will be other reporters you can turn to for this.
What you'll get from me is what it means to see a man die a needless death.
Man after wet police chase persuaded to get out of the Canning River
The Canning Vale policeman stayed dry as he persuaded the Canning River man
An attempt by a man from Perth to outrun the police was unsuccessful when he found himself in shallow and swampy water, only a few yards away from a police officer who was trying to "gently persuade him to return to shore.
Canning Vale police were called to a home invasion incident in Beckenham on Tuesday.
When they spotted the suspect, he tried to escape in the direction of the Canning River.
But he didn't get too far.
"He stood in the water and said 'I'm not coming out, come and get me," said Senior Sergeant Shandell Castledine.
Constable Lachlan Perhavec was not too keen on getting his uniform wet, so he used a more reliable tactic - "A good policeman negotiates".
"Sometimes people do funny things to try to escape," said Senior Sergeant Castledine.
Championship soccer player Ben Cousins offers an unforgettable example.
In 2006 cousins drove his car into a ditch to avoid an alcohol test and then tried to swim across the Swan River.
His efforts were unsuccessful, but inspired locals to humorously plan a Ben Cousins biathlon.
Peter Moody claims that stewards tried to spy on him and threatened to stop racing
Peter Moody claims that stewards of Racing Victoria tried to install a spy in his stables last year and threatened to stop the race immediately.
He targeted the stewards and integrity department of Racing Victoria, claiming that they were conducting a personal campaign against him with late scratching Lady Tatai for a race day treatment, the last straw on Wednesday.
Moody told Fairfax Media that he has always tried to do what is best for racing and that he found himself in difficult circumstances when it came to the positive cobalt swab sample on Lidaris, which he cannot explain.
He had held back for 18 months on espionage charges and didn't want it to "look like overhanging grapes."
"I wasn't going to say anything about it, and I sat on it for a long time, but sometimes you get so frustrated that it all comes out at once," Moody said.
You know it went on.
Sometimes you react, and you have to live with the consequences, and I have to live with what I said.
I'm gonna go home tonight and sleep well.
I want to walk around with my head held high, and I want my owners to think that I am doing my best for them.
If they start to think I'm not doing this, I shouldn't be a coach anymore.
I'll have to think about what to do with my license.
Earlier, Moody had let the bomb go off in an interview with racing.com that the integrity department had tried to spy on his stable.
"Eighteen months ago, Terry Bailey, Dayle Brown and Dr. Brian Stewart sat in a room with a man - whom I will name if asked - and offered him a job in my stables to provide information about what I do inside my stables," Moody said on Racing.com.
You obviously think I'm a fraud.
If that is the case, they should certainly grab their noses because they failed in trying to grab me.
Robert Roulston, former Chairman of the RVL, David Moodie, Acting Chairman of the RVL and Bernard Saundry, current CEO of the RVL, were aware of this at the time and still are today.
Is that supposed to make me think it's getting personal?
Has the RVL behaved cowardly and perhaps blames people outside of trainers for what is going on in the industry?
Am I bad for the business?
Am I that bad for the business?
Maybe people out there think I am.
They may have to take away my license and disown me, and I have no doubt that what I say will make them think about it now.
But I've gotten to the point where I don't care, and that makes me sad.
That makes me really sad.
I will put pressure on them and urge them to make a decision.
I have the support of my family and I can go.
The coach's levels of frustration have built up with the lengthy cobalt investigation at Lidari, and the late scratching led him to say that he could "throw his license over the edge.
Moody, best known for his preparation of the undefeated champion Black Caviar, called the race day treatment rule "ridiculous" after a pack of mud or clay was applied to the horse's legs, which was against the rules.
"It's against the rules of racing.
I must take full responsibility for this," he said.
"One of my employees mistakenly applied mud to his leg.
It could have been last night.
It could have been like this all day yesterday, which it was.
But it had it like that on race day.
Moody could face a three month disqualification for treatment with the pack on race day. An investigation has been opened into this matter.
It's a joke.
People who make these rules know nothing about the horse.
"We all realize that we need rules, but this is where you go too far," Moody said.
Man arrested after hit and run
Police arrested a man in Cobram over the weekend after a collision with a cyclist and subsequent hit-and-run.
The cyclist was taken by helicopter to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car on Saturday morning on the Murray Valley motorway.
The police said the driver drove on without stopping to help the injured driver.
On Monday, a 50-year-old man from Nathalia surrendered to the police in Shepparton.
He is likely to be charged with hit-and-run driving, failure to render assistance and other traffic offences.
The cyclist, a 40-year-old man from Cobram stays in hospital. It is in a stable condition.
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy strikes back against rivals over wrestling allegations
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy has described criticism of his players' tackling as "agenda-setting" by two NRL Premier League favourites.
Sydney Roosters coach Trent Robinson said that the referees allowed the Storm players to "wrestle" with his team during the high Storm victory in the qualifying final in Sydney on Friday night.
Brisbane Bronco coach Wayne Bennett made a barely veiled remark about the Storm team after his side scored the final victory over North Queensland Cowboys on Saturday night. He called the game a "textbook example" of Rugby League and said the two from Queensland were not "too good" at wrestling.
Bellamy defended his team's tackle and said they were only focused on their "contact" when tackling.
Bellamy added that criticism of his team from two leading coaches gave him confidence as it meant they were worried about being beaten by the Storm team.
"This keeps coming up - I didn't hear Trent Robinson talking about wrestling when they beat us 24-2," Bellamy said on Wednesday.
I can guarantee that we have not changed anything in our defensive system or techniques throughout the year. But in the last six weeks we have made our contact at Tackles a real focus, and that has turned the tide for us.
Trent has been there for three years now and he obviously has a great team to coach. So he is probably not used to losing, so it was a bit of a shock for him.
It's funny how this keeps popping up at this time of year.
Bellamy attacked Bennett's idea of "exciting football" and reminded his mentor that Bennett's St George Illawarra Dragons won the Premier League in 2010 with "boring" football.
Wayne talks about exciting football.
He compared his game on Saturday night with ours on Friday night and how exciting their game was," said Bellamy.
I remember in 2010 St George was criticized as a boring team and Wayne said he wouldn't give a damn.
But now he has a team that can play and that we consider exciting, especially his young players with their speed.
This is the ball game you want to play when you have this kind of players.
He made this statement in 2010, now he wants everyone to play his kind of football - not every team has two players like Anthony Milford and Ben Hunt, so they can play like them.
I build up more confidence because they say these things because they are a little bit worried about playing against us.
Six weeks ago, they probably weren't thinking about us when they were talking about the Big Games.
Bellamy also pointed out that the Storm v Roosters game scored higher than the Broncos v Cowboys game.
The Broncos game was probably a good game, I haven't watched it yet, but what was the result? 16 : 12 ?
Our game was 20:18, there were two more attempts in our game, but is that an exciting game?
Or are breaks and no points something exciting?
For me, it's the game plans.
If they mention us, it means that we will still meet them at some stage.
The Storm Team is off this weekend as they have won the right to receive either North Queensland Cowboys or the Cronulla Sharks next Saturday night in the pre-final at AAMI Park. Ticket sales begin next Tuesday morning.
Serbian with $200,000 bail after drug charges
A man, who may face a life sentence for attempting to come into possession of 40 kilograms of cocaine smuggled into Queensland, was released on $200,000 bail.
Marko Maksimovic, 29, was one of five men arrested last month after federal police found 100 kg of the drug on the yacht Solay, which came from South America via Vanuatu and docked in Coomera in August.
Maksimovic was observed meeting his co-defendants in the marina during the morning and later at the Café Coomera Roadhouse, where police found 40 kilograms of the drug in a Toyota Echo.
Despite a possible life sentence for attempting to possess a commercial quantity of cocaine, Maksimovic's lawyer argued that there was no evidence that he was trying to possess the entire quantity and that it could have been in the café for a harmless reason.
The judge at the Supreme Court, Peter Flanagan, was concerned about the danger of escape at Maksimovic.
He has clear relations with Serbia.
He often travels to Serbia," he told the court on Wednesday.
In the criminal case he had lied to the police about his whereabouts.
Maksimovic's mother and stepfather had jointly offered a bail of $200,000 as collateral to secure his release.
"After reading the affidavits of the two individuals, it is clear that the requirement of a $200,000 security is a real financial burden," said Judge Flanagan.
But that alone will not be enough to stop him from not appearing, he warned.
Maksimovic has been released on bail, under the conditions that he surrender his Australian and Serbian passports, report to the police daily and observe a curfew of 18:00-06:00.
Accident on A5 near Karlsruhe: driver's cab tears apart
A truck driver was seriously injured in a rear-end collision with three trucks on Autobahn 5 near Karlsruhe on Tuesday evening.
Two of the three trucks involved had braked before a permanent construction site in the direction of Basel.
The third driver noticed it too late and tried in vain to swerve to the left at the last moment, according to the police.
The driver's cab of the person who caused the accident was completely torn apart.
The driver was brought to a hospital with serious injuries.
The A5 between Bruchsal and Karlsruhe-North was completely closed for six hours until 2 o'clock.
The damage amounted to 122,000 euros.
Stevan Hogg used girls' phones to lure pedophiles to send pictures
A pedophile used the phone of an 11-year-old girl to request pictures of child abuse.
Stevan Hogg took the girl's phone while she was asleep, logged into an online messaging service from which he received a series of indecent pictures of children sent to him by another user.
The girl woke up later and discovered that the phone was missing and found it in the hand of the sleeping Hogg.
She looked through it, found the confusing messages and immediately alerted her mother.
The police took care of it and saw the five pictures, then analyzed computers found at the address and discovered "relevant" web searches that used terms to search for indecent pictures of children.
Hogg then claimed to the officers that he did it because it would "lead to pedophiles on the Internet" and he then "pretended to be a cop to scare them".
The prosecutor Eilidh Robertson told the Dundee Sheriff Court: "he said it was an addiction, - that he was addicted to frighten people.
He admitted that the searches on the computer were done by him, but said it was done because he wanted to claim to be a policeman to scare pedophiles.
He was asked about his conversations with the unknown person who sent him the pictures and who he asked to send more photos.
He said he did it to lure them.
He said he was sick in the head when he drank and said he wanted to see pictures of rape and murder.
Ms. Robertson added, "When the girl found the messages on the phone, she called her mother and was shaking and crying.
She then also saw the indecent pictures on the phone and confronted the accused with them.
The girl was interviewed and said that the defendant used computers and Playstation to talk to girls who looked much younger than him.
Hogg, 23, Ward Road, Dundee, pleaded guilty to the charge of taking indecent pictures of children on June 14 last year, violating the conditions on January 25 this year, and failing to appear in court for a hearing on March 24 this year.
Defense attorney Gregor Sim asked that Hogg not appear in the register of sexual offenders, as it could be argued that "no significant sexual element" was found in his offense.
Sheriff Alistair Carmichael postponed the verdict until October to receive background reports on social work.
Hogg was granted bail in this case but was held in custody pending hearings on other outstanding cases.
He was included in the list of sexual offenders before the date of the judgment.
Smugglers move to small border crossings with Germany
More and more refugees are being apprehended away from the major checkpoints on the German-Austrian border.
Many smugglers, for fear of being discovered and arrested, increasingly left people at smaller border crossings
on the Austrian side, said a spokesman for the federal police.
Along the border river Inn, more than 1000 refugees have been taken up in the districts of Passau and Rottal-Inn since Tuesday.
They had reached the German side on foot over bridges and weirs.
There they are received by federal police officers and forwarded for registration.
According to federal police, the number of refugees arriving at Munich's central station was significantly higher than at the beginning of the week on Wednesday.
A spokesperson said in the morning that about 700 people had arrived in the state capital by 8:00 a.m. alone.
After the reintroduction of controls at the German-Austrian border, refugees had reached the city on Tuesday 1759.
Stuttgart: Extension of tropical storm "Henry" expected in the southwest
Meteorologists warn of squalls in the southwest of Wednesday afternoon.
Due to a low pressure system over Western Europe, warm sea air is currently flowing into the country, the German Weather Service (DWD) announced in Stuttgart.
The strong depression is the offshoot of tropical storm "Henry", which has crossed the Atlantic from the Bermuda Islands in the past few days.
Heavy storms and thunderstorms are expected especially in Baden.
According to the DWD, gusts of 60 to 90 kilometres per hour are also expected until Thursday morning in the Black Forest, the Swabian Alb and the Lake Constance area.
On Friday the sun will be shining again for a longer time.
It's the masses: Every two years the car manufacturers show their innovations at the IAA.
In 2015, there will be movement above all in compact cars, which are currently selling particularly well.
Cars from the compact class are currently in particularly high demand: according to the Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA), this segment accounted for around 28.1 percent of new registrations in August alone.
This is also reflected at the IAA (public days 17 to 27 September).
Between all the futuristic concept cars and new upper class and luxury cars, this year will see the launch of many new compact models in particular.
One of the biggest premieres for the German car industry is the Opel Astra, which will be available at the dealerships in autumn.
"The Astra is an extremely important model for us," Opel CEO Karl-Thomas Neumann said at the show.
It belongs to the core of the brand.
In order for the volume model to sell well, the new Astra should not be much more expensive.
Opel holds out the prospect of an entry below its biggest competitor VW Golf, which starts at 17 650 Euros.
The current Astra costs from 16 990 euros.
The Astra is available with a new 1.4-litre engine with 74 kW/100 PS.
In addition, the Hessians also offer other diesel and gasoline engines ranging from 70 kW/95 hp to 147 kW//200 hp, including three-cylinder gasoline engines for the first time.
Unlike its main competitors, VW Golf and Ford Focus, the Opel Astra is initially only available as a five-door model.
The second variant will be the station wagon, which can already be seen at the IAA in spring.
And what other new compact cars will be presented at the IAA besides the Astra?
Renault Mégane: Renault is launching the fourth generation of its Astra competitor Mégane.
At the show, the Mégane will be on display exclusively as a five-door model in a conventional and a decidedly sporty GT version.
It will be on sale at the beginning of next year, then also as a station wagon.
Infiniti: Brand new in the segment is the Infiniti Q30.
With the new model, the Nissan subsidiary wants to find its position in the rapidly growing segment.
At the same time, the compact Infiniti with its curved lines fits in perfectly with the brand's design line.
The basic model will have a petrol engine with a power of at least 90 kW/122 hp.
However, a diesel with 80 kW/109 PS or 125 kW/170 PS is also available.
Suzuki Baleno: New in the segment is also the Suzuki Baleno, which celebrates its world premiere in Frankfurt.
The model is offered with petrol engines, including a newly developed 1.0-litre turbo engine with an output of 82 kW/111 hp.
According to the manufacturer, the maximum torque is 170 Newton metres (Nm).
Sales of the Baleno in Europe will start in spring 2016.
DS 4: Not completely new, but completely renewed is the compact class model DS 4, which can be seen at the IAA.
On the outside, the designers of the noble Citroën offshoot mainly focused on the front end: Here, the radiator grille was redrawn and the modified headlights were equipped with LED technology.
In the interior, the infotainment system in particular has been modernised, the number of buttons has been reduced by means of a touchscreen and Apple's CarPlay has been integrated for the first time.
In addition, the compact class will be joined at the IAA by a series of revisions and new variants such as the refreshed Mercedes A-Class or the Peugeot 308 GTI.
JVA Berlin-Tegel: Five square meters of cell are inhumane
The Federal Constitutional Court has ruled in favour of an ex-convict of the Tegel prison, who had spent months in a cell that was too small.
Because of the violation of their human dignity, prisoners are generally entitled to financial compensation if they are housed in cells that are too small.
This was decided by the Federal Constitutional Court in a decision published on Wednesday.
According to the judges, the persons concerned can even hope for money if they were locked up in the too-small rooms for only a few days (Ref.: 1 BvR 1127/14).
This meant that an ex-convict was successful with his constitutional complaint in Karlsruhe: between June and November 2009, he was housed in a single cell with a floor area of around five square metres in the Berlin-Tegel prison; the toilet was not physically separated.
Afterwards the man, who according to his lawyer is now at large again, was transferred to a larger cell.
His official liability suit against the state of Berlin because of the unworthy prison conditions failed.
But the constitutional judges overturned the ruling of the Berlin Court of Appeal and referred the case back there for reconsideration.
They see the human dignity of the man violated.
Court of Appeal now decides on the amount of compensation
Even if, for legal reasons, only a few days of imprisonment out of the period in question were relevant for the compensation, there was a right to compensation, it was said.
Otherwise, "a degeneration of the legal protection of the personality would be to be feared".
The Court of Appeal must now clarify the amount of the monetary compensation.
Constitutional judges have often strengthened the rights of prisoners in the past.
For example, it was not until April that they awarded damages to an inmate for being locked up naked in a cell.
According to a 2011 decision, multiple occupancy of a cell without a separate toilet is also inhumane.
Karlsruhe also confirmed on Wednesday the Berlin Constitutional Court, which in a parallel case in November 2009 had certified that a prisoner had been housed in inhumane conditions.
The plaintiff at the time was housed for three months for between 15 and 21 hours daily in a cell similar to that in the Karlsruhe case.
The Berlin prisons had made the headlines in the last few weeks also because of a lack of personnel.
Prisoners are therefore locked up for 23 hours again and again, aggressiveness increases, even fights are said to have taken place because of the tense situation.
According to information from the judicial press office, 21 positions in Tegel are not filled due to a lack of new recruits, 19 are to be eliminated in 2016.
Angela Merkel and the refugee policy: "We can do it"
The immigration of refugees is an enormous challenge - the Chancellor is determined to take it on.
What is in store for Germany?
According to forecasts by the Federal Ministry of the Interior, approximately 800,000 asylum seekers will come to Germany this year. According to Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel (SPD), Germany is even able to take in one million refugees.
Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) has demonstrated determination in the face of this unusual challenge: "I say again and again: We can do this, and we will do it".
The following overview gives an idea of what is in store for Germany.
According to different forecasts, between 350000 (estimate of the Federal Ministry of Construction) and 400000 (estimate of the Pestel-Institute) apartments are needed annually - and this for the next five years.
This is almost twice as much as is currently being built (250000 apartments).
However, the shortage of living space is particularly dramatic in the case of affordable rental properties: Every year, 60,000 to 80,000 social housing units fall outside the rent control system, and refugees will also apply for these particularly cheap housing units.
Federal Minister of Building and Construction Barbara Hendricks (SPD) therefore wants to double the funding, from currently 518 million to one billion euros.
From the point of view of the Pestel-Institute, this is far too little: 80,000 social housing units would have to be built every year and for this the federal government would have to invest a subsidy of 6.4 billion per year.
The scientists and the Federal Minister of Construction agree that there must also be more tax advantages for investments in housing construction.
According to estimates by the Institute for Employment Research, it can be assumed that in the long term, 55 percent of the refugees in Germany can be gainfully employed.
However, Claudia Walter, project manager for integration and education at the Bertelsmann Foundation, criticises that refugees in Germany are not systematically asked about their qualifications to help them get started.
For the integration of refugees, however, the decisive factor is whether they find work in Germany.
Work is the key to social contacts, to the appreciation in the host society, but also to the self-esteem of the immigrants, says migration researcher Dietrich Thränhardt.
According to Thränhardt, there has been a political turn in Germany: from a ban on work for refugees to the recognition of work.
While there used to be a ban on working for asylum seekers for up to five years, this was reduced to three months in November 2014, as was the residence requirement, which limits asylum seekers to one place of residence.
In society, the majority view has become established - also due to the lack of skilled workers - that refugees should be given faster access to the labour market.
A major hurdle for access to the labour market is a lack of German language skills.
So far there is not yet a sufficient supply of general and vocational language courses.
Studies also show that jobs are most often arranged through personal contacts.
In Thränhardt's view, the establishment of networks is therefore the ideal way to achieve work integration.
The Berlin school administration has found that only a few fugitive parents give their children to the daycare centers, an estimated 10 to 15 percent: "For uprooted parents, it is first of all very important to keep the family together," says Ilja Koschembar, spokesperson for youth and family in the Berlin Senate administration.
In order to convince the family of the advantages of the Kita, the administration distributes leaflets in different languages.
If the need for educators were to rise sharply due to the large number of refugees, the Berlin Senate would try to increase the training capacities - for example, by allowing more vocational schools.
In the Länder, pupils without knowledge of German are prepared for lessons in welcome classes.
However, they are not always taught by fully trained teachers, but, as in Berlin, also by teachers who only have a qualification in German as a second language.
There is no lack of them, says Beate Stoffers from the Berlin school administration.
The German Student Union estimates that about 20 percent of the refugees want to study in Germany.
In principle, no federal state prohibits asylum seekers or tolerated persons from studying - the only exception so far has been Berlin, but Interior Senator Frank Henkel (CDU) has now abandoned his position.
Access to higher education could be made easier for refugees wishing to study.
This is because refugees with a residence permit or a Duldung no longer receive benefits under the Asylum Seekers Benefits Act when they begin their studies.
The latter do not receive Bafög as a matter of principle, since they do not fall within the group of persons entitled to Bafög.
Tolerated refugees had to have lived in Germany for four years in order to be eligible for Bafög; from 1 January 2016 this period will be reduced to 15 months.
However, this funding gap must also be closed, demanded Steffen Krach, Berlin's State Secretary for Science, and the German Student Union.
The students should get Bafög immediately.
Islam will play a more important role in the future, because many refugees are Muslims and for many of them religion is an important part of their identity.
The state should successively grant Islam the same rights as the churches have, and develop the existing state-church law into a new state-religion relationship.
It would also be important to set up an Islamic welfare association that would take professional care of the newcomers.
Rights also include duties.
Thus the representatives of Islam must agree on clear points of contact and be prepared to cooperate with the state in many areas and to grant it certain possibilities of control.
This also includes the willingness to take courageous action against religious fundamentalism.
The chairman of the Central Council of Muslims, Aiman Mazyek, expressed concern on Thursday that religious conflicts could also be brought into Germany.
Those who wanted to fight out such conflicts in Germany "immediately forfeited their right to stay here, in Germany," he said on Bavarian Radio.
He proposed to translate the Basic Law into Arabic.
In the future, integration will be a topic of the whole society much more than it is today.
As a result, the majority society will also have to change and the reduction of discrimination and racism will become more urgent.
Germany has - as a result of European decisions - had an anti-discrimination office and a general equality law for almost a decade.
But it learns very slowly, as the NSU murder series showed, in which police and authorities systematically ignored the racist motive.
Equal opportunities for all: What migrant organisations and the interest groups of non-white Germans have long been calling for, and what international agreements such as the Convention against Racism oblige Germany to do, must become reality in the coming years if the country is to remain peaceful and its new citizens are to use their opportunities - for the benefit of all.
In general, Germany is able to provide medical care for the refugees expected so far, says medical president Frank Ulrich Montgomery.
"As far as manpower and capacities are concerned, we'll manage," he told the Tagesspiegel.
However, additional money would have to flow into the system.
In order to avoid bottlenecks, Montgomery demands that all arrivals receive health cards immediately upon registration.
Services rendered could later be invoiced to the federal states.
And in the long run it is highly questionable to fob off so many people with the limited benefits catalogue provided for by the Asylum Seekers Benefits Act.
Otherwise, the language barriers are the main problem for doctors.
The Berlin health scientist Thea Borde has already shown that migrants are less well informed about their diseases than other patients.
Not only in clinics, but also in doctors' surgeries interpreter costs would have to be covered, she demands.
However, many refugees would have been helped by more general medical contact points in the emergency clinics.
And with a different diagnostic perspective.
Among refugee children, for example, there were significantly more untreated disabilities, and among young people the focus was on HIV education.
However, Montgomery believes that German doctors are able to cope with the partially different clinical pictures due to their training.
"Parasite infestation or tuberculosis are not so difficult to detect". And as far as the lack of doctors is concerned, the refugees might even bring relief.
The Syrians had a highly developed education system, some refugees were even doctors.
In order to be allowed to practice, however, they would have to prove their qualifications and possibly take further examinations.
At least half of the refugees arriving in Germany are mentally ill, according to estimates by the Federal Chamber of Psychotherapists (BPtK): most of them suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder or depression.
Refugee children are particularly vulnerable, explains Dietrich Munz, president of the BPtK.
A recently published study by the Technical University of Munich shows that every fifth Syrian refugee child arrives in Germany traumatised.
Anyone suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder suffers from so-called flashbacks with shortness of breath, dizziness, palpitations and fear of death.
Other symptoms are sleep and concentration disorders, severe jitteriness and emotional numbness.
In order to prevent the symptoms from becoming chronic, early treatment is necessary, explained Munz.
So far, however, only four percent of mentally ill refugees receive psychotherapy.
Although mentally ill asylum seekers can apply for psychotherapy at the social welfare offices, it usually takes several months to process.
In addition, in social welfare offices, it is usually clerks or doctors who are not trained in mental illness who decide whether or not therapy is necessary.
This often leads to misjudgements, says Munz.
Manege invites you to dream
With the new production "Passion" the Circus Probst draws on the traditions of circus art.
The aim is to fascinate every age group with fascinating acrobatics, animal dressage and unique entertainment.
Now the Circus Probst invites you to dream in the circus ring on Ziegelwasen.
"Our passion is the circus."
"I cannot imagine living without my circus family," says Stephanie Probst, animal trainer and junior manager.
"Passion" - this is the motto of the current manège production.
For more than 33 years the circus has been in the hands of the Probst family.
So the gift of enthusiasm is in the family's blood.
"It is important to us to take people away from their daily grind and take them into a completely different world for two hours," stresses the 27-year-old junior boss.
"Manege cocktail with cosmopolitan flair", that's what director Reinhard Probst calls his concept.
50 cities on the almost 3,000 kilometre long tour can now experience this flair.
The circus' programme convinces with talented artists from all over the world.
Awarded at the International Circus Festival in Monte Carlo, the Russian Stoliarov Clown Family captivates the audience with wit and charm.
The Castillo Brothers also know their craft.
The Cuban duo wants to take on the heroes of silent films in a relaxed way.
Lightness and mobility - these are the words they identify with.
Her humorous art on the mast is supposed to take women's hearts by storm.
Apart from numerous laughs, the acrobatics of Circus Probst also fascinate with sensitivity and agility.
Balancing on a ball with the unicycle?
No problem for He Yuan.
Contortionists fascinate and frighten at the same time.
Wang Lin from China is familiar with the oldest form of acrobatics like few others and fascinates with its agility.
60 employees from twelve nations offer diversity in every respect.
"The animals belong to our family," emphasizes Stephanie's mother, Brigitte Probst.
Abuses in the keeping of circus animals are all too often a topic of discussion for various animal welfare organisations.
Stephanie Probst also comments: "If our animals are not doing well, we are not doing well either".
About 80 animals from five different continents enjoy every stroke.
The "four-legged artists", as they are affectionately called, are read every wish from their eyes, if possible.
We want to work with the animals and have fun with them.
If the animal does not feel well, it does not want to enter the ring.
So the highest commandment is to take good care of the animals.
The Probst family is especially proud of their Zebroid Jumbo, a mixture of a Shetland pony stallion and a zebra mare.
The two animals lived together in one enclosure for eight years and nothing happened.
"But then, suddenly, our little jumbo was there," Brigitte Probst tells us.
Although the Zebroid is not yet ready for the ring, it is the unique mascot of the Circus Probst.
So there should be something for every visitor.
"One thing is for sure", says Stephanie Probst: "No matter whether there are five or 1,200 spectators, we always give our best and put our hearts into it".
The Circus Probst invites you to its performances daily at 5 and 8 pm from 17 to 20 September.
On Sunday the program starts at 11 and 16 o'clock.
Thursday is family day, for the performance at 5 pm the prices are reduced.
Furthermore, the animal show is open daily from 10 to 18 o'clock.
Zimbabwean Robert Mugabe gives false speech in parliament
Mr Mugabe, Africa's oldest leader, fell from a podium down the stairs earlier this year.
He remained unharmed, but the video of the case quickly spread through the social media.
The opening of Parliament was also marred by allegations from opposition MPs that they had received anonymous death threats and were warned not to boosted Mr Mugabe's speech.
Last month they had booed him and interrupted him during his State of the Union address in Parliament - the speech he repeated on Tuesday.
Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) spokesman Innocent Gonese said that seven opposition politicians received text messages on their cell phones warning them not to disturb Mr. Mugabe's speech.
"The message comes from a number that is not displayed, but it has the title 'Death'," he told journalists after Mugabe's speech.
She warns the Members of Parliament concerned that immunity in Parliament ends and that once they leave Parliament their parliamentary immunity is no longer effective.
The chief spokesman said that the party led by Morgan Tsvangirai is "concerned" about the dangers for politicians.
Hewlett-Packard will cut up to 30,000 jobs
Hewlett-Packard is expected to cut 25,000 to 30,000 jobs as part of the restructuring and cost-cutting efforts in the company's services.
HP will split into two publicly traded companies later this year, separating its computer and printer business from its fast-growing enterprise hardware and services business.
The expected job cuts will result in a charge of over $2.7 billion from the fourth quarter, HP said in a statement.
"These restructuring measures will enable a more competitive, sustainable cost structure for the new Hewlett-Packard enterprise," said Meg Whitman, HP chairman and chief executive who will lead the unit after the separation.
"Hewlett Packard Enterprise will be smaller and more focused than HP is today, and we have a broad and deepened portfolio of businesses that will help companies transition to a new style of doing business," said Whitman.
As an independent company, we are better positioned than ever to meet the changing needs of our customers around the world.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise has more than $50 billion in annual sales and "will be focused on delivering unparalleled, integrated technology solutions to enterprises," the company stated.
It divides a company founded in the 1930s by Stanford University graduates Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard to manufacture electrical equipment, whose Palo Alto garage has been called "the birthplace of Silicon Valley.
HP has undergone a massive restructuring to manage the shift from traditional PCs to mobile devices.
The move by HP, the world's second-largest PC manufacturer and one of the largest U.S. tech companies, is the latest in a series of measures based on the belief that tightly focused companies perform better.
FC Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta says teammates must stand behind injured Jack Wilshere before the game against Dynamo Zagreb
Wenger emphasized to Wilshere that it is only September and if his rehabilitation goes according to plan, there is no reason why he cannot play again before Christmas.
This optimistic scenario already means that Wilshere will certainly miss at least the next four games for England and, given his history, his participation in next summer's European Championship is certainly still uncertain.
The great shame with this current problem is that Wilshere had ended last season strongly after a separate ankle injury and then returned to his old momentum from the previous season.
"This kind of injury does not threaten your career," Wenger said.
It is a bone that did not heal well.
It's no big deal.
This was just an accident.
It wasn't related to his ankles or the injuries he had before.
This may be true from a purely medical point of view, but as Wenger also acknowledged, there is an inherent risk of further injury whenever a player attempts to return in the middle of the season.
It also develops an unpleasant pattern.
Premier Injuries Ltd's investigation lists 23 different conditions of Wilshere since his debut six years ago.
He also played in only 65 of Arsenal's 157 league games in the last five seasons.
The broader picture for Arsenal is that they have been one of the two Premier League clubs with the most days of injury in six of the eight seasons since 2007/08.
Wenger accepts the potential for a vicious circle, but Arsenal believe an improvement in injury rates will continue over the last season.
"Sometimes when you come back from an injury, you have a vulnerable period, a time when you need to strengthen your body and gain fighting power," Wenger said.
Jack is young enough to get over this.
I hope his body stabilises, I am confident that he will do so and that he will have a career of the kind he deserves.
Arsenal begin their Champions League season on Wednesday night against Dinamo Zagreb ahead of the games against Chelsea on Saturday and Tottenham Hotspur next Wednesday, and Wenger is setting up a rotation within the team.
Héctor Bellerín and Aaron Ramsey did not travel to Croatia, which means that Mathieu Debuchy and Arteta should be allowed to start.
Wenger can also start with Kieran Gibbs and Olivier Giroud instead of Nacho Monreal and Theo Walcott.
"I try to keep my balance and give the players who need it a little breather," Wenger said.
Although Arsenal are clear favourites to advance through Group F, the Maksimir Stadium in Zagreb is one of the most intimidating venues in Europe.
Dynamo is still unbeaten after 41 games, after the "invincible" campaign was launched last season.
The stadium was shaken by an earthquake on Tuesday evening, measuring 3.2 on the Richter scale.
This year it was the 10th in Zagreb.
Wenger believes that Arsenal have learned the lesson of last season with their Champions League capitulation to Monaco, and remain driven by the distant hope that they and their management will lead the club to their first European Cup triumph.
"This drive is immense," Wenger said.
It never worked at Arsenal.
We were very close in 2006, but on the other hand I've been in business long enough to be realistic.
We are ambitious, but we are not dreamers.
FriendsFest: the comedy show that teaches us serious lessons about male friendships
The lack of similar representations in shows is obvious, especially in view of how the need for men to open up has now become more desperate than ever, as demonstrated by suicide rates among young men at a 15-year high.
In 2013, it was the leading cause of death among men aged 20-45 in the UK, and it remains three times more common among men than among women.
In an effort to address the problem, the Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM) announced 2015 as the Year of Man, with the aim of challenging the culture that prevents men from seeking help when they need it.
Friendship is at the heart of the struggle to meet this challenge.
A recent study of more than 2,000 high school students with depressive symptoms found that if the sufferer had a sufficiently high percentage of friends with "healthy moods", their chances of recovery doubled.
For those who are not depressed, a circle of mentally healthy friends halves the risks of mental problems.
But of course you have to have friends first for a friendship to work.
In the age of social media communication, with its emphasis on style over substance, the immediacy of the response is often more important than meaningful contact.
Our digital lives have doubled the need to appear strong, fun-loving and successful, even when in reality isolation dominates.
This superficial success is dominated by what psychologists call extrinsic values; money, image, social status, all at the expense of intrinsic values - our inner longing for personal development and friendship, which has a much deeper impact on our mental health.
And as one video game inventor and billionaire recently explained, money really can't buy happiness.
The nice thing about Friends was that this focus was turned upside down.
Each character was defined not by his work, but by his personality, which shone through interaction as a friend.
The humour of Joey and Chandler's frequent hugs, moments watching football in comfortable armchairs, and Ross' longing for Rachel - all this came from the knowledge that men can relate to it in any case, even if they are often reluctant to fully explore their feelings.
As a member of the telephone counsellor's office explained to me... "my listening role for people who feel depressed and suicidal has really shown me how even the smallest interaction between friends can make a difference."
The men who contact us often feel unable to talk to friends.
The old saying "I can handle it" has an enormous effect, like the feeling that it is perceived as weakness when you talk about problems openly."
Friends is one of the shows that comes to mind when I try to offer more long-term coping mechanisms.
It presents very clearly the small moments of male friendships.
However much my objective outsider status over the phone may help people in moments of despair, the long-term support comes from a personal network of family and friends.
And so, if you're visiting Comedy Central FriendsFest this weekend with the completely redesigned backdrop to celebrate the day, why not take your friends for a drink at Central Perk.
Or better yet, if you see someone sitting alone in Starbucks, give them a smile and say hello.
You never know what difference your friendship might make.
Friends is broadcast on Comedy Central from start to finish - the whole 236 episodes - for #FriendsFest
Di Maria meets to help PSG crush Malmö
Angel Di Maria celebrates with Blaise Matuidi and Edinson Cavani after his goal against Malmö.
Di Maria makes his Champions League debut on Tuesday and helps PSG pass Malmö.
Here are the game report and the reaction to the game.
Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani held their course as Paris Saint-Germain kicked off their Champions League season with a comfortable 2-0 win over Malmö at Prinzenparkstadion on Tuesday.
Di Maria scored less than four minutes after the start of his Champions League debut as PSG player who set up the French champions, but then missed a number of opportunities before finally increasing their lead when Cavani scored a header in the 61st minute.
With Real Madrid and Schachtjor Donezk also in Group A, Paris need a strong start against the Swedish champions as they strive not only to qualify for the knockout rounds but also to improve on their progress to the quarter-finals in each of the last three campaigns.
But while they got the points, it was not a class match of Laurent Blanc's team with Zlatan Ibrahimovic's missed chances in front of goal. He was later replaced in the game against his home team and against the club with which he began his illustrious career back in 1999.
"It's not easy to win at home or away in the Champions League. So it's a good start to win 2-0, cause our opponents problems and look back relaxed, even though there are certain things we need to perfect as the season progresses," said Blanc.
"This is a good omen.
We wanted to win and we won, although I regret that we didn't score another goal or two."
Ibrahimovic returned to the Paris side after his injury in one of three changes, who held on to a 2-2 draw in their own place against Bordeaux in the Premier League at the weekend, but he was knocked out by Di Maria in the fourth minute.
The Argentinian winger was described as the man to take PSG to the next level in Europe when he was taken over by Manchester United last month, and he hinted at why when he ran into Marco Verratti's pass behind the Malmö defence before closing nicely past Johan Wiland into the long corner of the net.
However, if anyone thought PSG would win a big win, they were disappointed.
Malmö, who beat Celtic in a play-off to reach that level, came up against nine national team players at Anpiff and was a tough opponent with a five-man defence and two lined up deep in midfield.
But apart from a shot from Nikola Djurdjic, which went well past Kevin Trapp's post in the 34th minute, they offered little in the attack.
Instead, PSG sometimes gave themselves up, with a number of misses and poor finishes, not least from Ibrahimovic, who failed on no less than five attempts in the first half alone and was then abandoned after Cavani had used him after the restart.
However, he was much more skilful when he brought his team-mates into the game, and it was a pass from Ibrahimovic that Di Maria turned into a spinning shot, which was deflected past the post by Wiland in the 52nd minute ...
The second goal finally came just after the hour mark thanks to Cavani. The Uruguayan scored his sixth goal of the season after Ibrahimovic had fished up Maxwell's left flank.
That put an end to any thoughts of Malmö coming back into the game and only a superb intervention from Wiland at close range to stop David Luiz could keep the final score low before substitute Ezequiel Lavezzi was denied a goal in the end.
The Malmö coach, Age Hareide, later admitted that PSG played a class above his team, and the Norwegian said: "Our last Champions League match was in December last year.
Since then we have only played in the Swedish league, which does not have the same level.
The qualifying matches are not enough."
Hats off to Paris!
It was a great game of them!
Glencore raises $2.5 billion through stock sales
Swiss-based mining giant Glencore, which has been hit by collapsing commodity prices, raised $2.5 billion on Wednesday through a stock sale as part of its huge debt repayment plan.
London-registered company Glencore said in a statement that it has sold new shares worth about £1.6 billion to pay off its own debts.
The company, which lost 57 percent of its market value this year, is struggling with falling commodity prices as China's economic downturn depresses demand and has a devastating effect on markets.
The issuance of subscription rights brought Glencore's share price to a rapid rise to the top of the London Stock Exchange in early Wednesday morning trading.
The share jumped 2.77 per cent to 131.60 pence on the FTSE 100 Index, which opened 0.69 per cent higher.
Glencore last week announced the $2.5 billion share sale as part of its broader plans to pay off about a third of its $30 billion debt.
The company sold the new holdings at 125 pence per share, a 2.4 per cent discount to Tuesday's closing price.
It issued 1.3 billion shares worth up to 9.99 percent of the group.
Concerns about long-term inhibited growth in China have cut iron ore prices by about half and coal, copper and other commodity prices have fallen by 20 to 40 percent.
Refugees arrive in Weimar
At noon on Tuesday, 49 people reach the city administration in Weimar after a mostly long flight.
The refugees come from Syria, Albania, Afghanistan, Macedonia and Somalia.
The youngest arrival is a six-month-old girl from Syria.
The White House confirms Xi Jinping's visit to Washington
Chinese President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to the United States at the end of the month, the White House confirmed in a statement on Tuesday.
The visit, Xi's first official visit to Washington, will take place on 25 September and responds to President Barack Obama's trip to Beijing last November, the statement said.
The US President and First Lady Michelle Obama will also host Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan at a state dinner this evening after the two leaders held bilateral talks.
"President Xi's visit will provide an opportunity to broaden US-Chinese cooperation on a range of global, regional and bilateral issues of common interest, while also allowing President Obama and President Xi to constructively address areas of disagreement," the statement added.
XI, whose visit was initially announced in February, is expected to meet several US technology leaders in Seattle on his way to Washington before travelling on to New York City for the UN General Assembly in September.
Obama and Xi are expected to address a number of contentious issues, including Washington's concerns about China's alleged cyber espionage and its growing self-confidence in the disputed waters of the South China Sea.
440-HP sports car rented and scrapped
A 29-year-old wanted to fulfill a dream and borrowed a Ford Mustang.
Then on the rain-soaked motorway came the rude awakening.
At a company in the district of Gotha you can make your dream come true and once rent and drive a V8 US sports car Ford Mustang Boss 302 with 440 hp.
So did a 29-year-old from the district of Gotha.
On the A 71 near Arnstadt the dream was then over and done with.
The 29-year-old lost control of the sports car, skidded on wet roads and drove into the crash barrier.
The sports car was totalled and nobody was injured.
The damage to property is estimated at EUR 40 000.
Xavi: Pep Guardiola prevented a transfer to FC Bayern in 2008
World and European Champion Xavi plays for the al-Sadd Sport Club in Qatar since summer 2015
FC Bayern was obviously on the verge of signing Spain's superstar Xavi, who was playing for FC Barcelona at the time, a few years ago.
Eight times Spanish champion, three times cup winner, four times Champions League winner, two times club world champion, two times European champion, one time world champion - Xavi's list of titles is breathtaking.
In the summer, the now 35-year-old left FC Barcelona after 24 years and moved to the al-Sadd Sport Club in Qatar.
But in an interview with the Marca, Xavi now reveals that he was already on the verge of leaving Barcelona before the 2008 European Championship.
"I was told that Barça wanted to sell me."
"Madrid won everything then, we won nothing," he says.
And the FC Bayern also registered this.
Xavi: "There was an offer from Bavaria."
"Rummenigge wanted me."
As a reminder: In summer 2008 Jürgen Klinsmann took over FC Bayern.
Guardiola was the reason that Xavi did not change
However, the change did not come about.
And the decisive man for this today works for the German record champion: Pep Guardiola.
Xavi explains why: "Barça signed Guardiola and I played a great European Championship.
"Pep told me I wouldn't change, that he couldn't imagine the team without me."
"He got me with that."
Who knows how Bavaria's 2008/2009 season would have gone with Xavi.
Xavi stood on the grass for Barca in the quarter-finals of the Champions League against the Bavarians over the entire distance, knocked out the Reds (4-0, 1-1) and finally celebrated the royal league triumph.
Matt Damon plays down diversity in filmmaking
Matt Damon confronted African-American filmmaker Effie Brown during a discussion on diversity and said it was not needed behind the scenes.
During an episode of Sunday Night of HBO's Project Greenlight, veteran actor Brown interrupted when the latter emphasized the need for alternative perspectives in relation to a black protagonist in the project's chosen script.
"When we talk about diversity, do it in the cast of the film and not in the cast of the show," Damon assured.
Brown reacted in shock, with offended disbelief and shouted " Hoo! Wow. Okay", when the comments of the actor of The Martian became more solid.
Damon and Brown joined producer colleagues Ben Affleck and the Farrelly brothers to discuss the show finalists.
"I want to encourage people to think about - whoever the director will be - how they treat the character of Harmony," Brown said at first.
The only black person, and she's a hooker who gets beaten by her white pimp.
The producer of Dear White People lobbied for the finalists Leo Angelos and Kristen Brancaccio for the rights to direct the film; Damon replied that her directing "might give us something in the end that we don't want.
After the discussion was aired, the social media exploded with disapproval of Damon's comments.
Twitter user Mr Pooni expressed his anger about the clip by writing "Matt Damon is talking about the only black person in the room, so he can explain diversity to her - that's SO WHITE it hurts".
The tweet has earned more than 5,000 retweets and 4,000 likes since its release.
Damon's comments come at a time when accurate racial representation in the media is at the forefront of social debate.
After teenager Michael Brown was killed by a white policeman in 2014, the Black Lives Matter movement took hold nationwide, urging lawmakers and authorities to stop discriminatory practices against colored people.
In February, the singer Prince made an allusion to the movement during the launch of the nominated album of the year at the Grammy Awards.
"Albums still matter", (albums still have their meaning) he said.
Like books and black lives, albums still have their meaning.
More recently, leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement issued a statement in response to Fox News personality Elisabeth Hasselbeck's question whether the group should be considered a hate group.
"The Black Lives Matter network is a love group," said the leaders.
Recently it was announced that Damon was on a list of entertainers, producers and media moguls invited to visit the Pope to discuss the portrayal of the Catholic Church in the West.
Whether he accepted the invitation or has already met the Pope is unclear.
American Ninja Warrior crowns first champion
Professional sports climber and attendant Isaac Caldiero became the first athlete to win the American Ninja Warrior on Monday night and took home the $1 million Grand Prix.
The competition show, which just finished its 7th season, had never seen a competitor who could complete all stages of his obstacle course.
During the season finale two men, Caldiero and cameraman Geoff Britten, made it to the final.
The final task was climbing a 75 foot climbing rope in 30 seconds.
Britten completed the task within the time allowed, becoming the first athlete to complete the gruelling Phase 4 of American Ninja Warrior. However, Caldiero finished the challenge a full three seconds faster, which made him the winner.
Caldiero spoke to E!News after the hard-won victory, still in shock at winning the $1 million grand prize.
"I mean, it's amazing to think about it, I've never earned or had more than $10,000 to live on," Isaac E! said about his pile of money.
All of a sudden ... I can't even imagine what it is like ... the future is unknown.
Executive producer Kent Weed sat down with The Hollywood Reporter to discuss the final and why Britten, although he was the first ever to finish the course, does not receive any prize money.
According to the rules, the money goes to the fastest person.
"If there is more than one finalist, the one with the fastest time will get it," Weed said.
How much the money is a wonderful prize and changes lives, he receives the great gratification.
I don't think he holds any grudge.
He's just so happy to have done what he did.
He received masses of awards from fans.
He's such a great guy and a family man.
He is a hero to his children and his wife.
Geoff said to me, "If I should get hit by someone, I'm glad it's Isaac."
And I think Isaac would have felt the same way if they switched roles.
America Ninja Warrior has been extended for an eighth season, shooting will start in spring 2016.
Detroit Tigers sneak past the Minnesota Twins
MINNEAPOLIS--The second half of the season was not particularly funny for the Detroit Tigers.
Once they were one of the best teams in baseball, today the Tigers are in last place in the American League Central.
The Tigers are reduced to their role as spoilers, but played this part perfectly on Tuesday against the Minnesota Twins 5-4 in target field.
The Twins wasted a chance to move up within a half of the Houston Astros for the second American League wildcard spot.
For Detroit, if only for one evening, it was a return of the three-letter F-word that had been so elusive for much of the second half of the season.
"All victories are fun, no matter how they come," said Tiger's manager Brad Ausmus.
Tiger pitcher Alfredo Simon maintained his early offensive support as Detroit scored three times in the first two innings, then once in the sixth and then again in the ninth.
Simon (13-9) served 6 times in the 1/3 innings and allowed three runs.
It was only his third successful start in his last nine games.
"I want to finish this year strong," said Simon.
It's hard to throw every game in the bullpen, so I want to go into the game very concentrated.
The designated tiger hitter Victor Martinez had three goals and was in two runs, his first RBIs since mid-August.
It was Martinez's first three-hit game since he had four hits against the Seattle Mariners on July 6.
"He swung the bat well," said Ausmus.
He looked good in (batting practice), looked much better in the bullpen, and he brought it straight into the game.
With three runs behind at the end of the seventh inning, the Twins had their best chance to get back into the game.
Center Fielder Byron Buxton finished the inning with a double on the left field line.
Right fielder Aaron Hicks scored a bunt and Simon brought his second baseman Brian Dozier to a strikeout before he was replaced by left-hander Blaine Hardy.
Hardy defected Mauer, the only man he was confronted with, ahead of rookie batter designate Miguel Sano, who snatched a two-run from right-hander Drew Verhagen.
With a pair of runners and the final run on the second, Verhagen brought third baseman Trevor Plouffe to a double play.
It was the leading 27th time in the Major League this season that Plouffe hit a double play
After Detroit added an insurance run at the end of the ninth inning, Mauer managed an RBI double against the Tigers' closer Bruce Rondon and scored the 5-4.
However, the right-hander outdid Sano on three pitches for his fifth save.
Detroit benefited at the start of the game from a Phil Hughes who was not yet mobile.
The Tigers scored three runs in the first two innings against the right-hander veteran, who was taken off the injury list before the game after missing more than a month due to a back problem.
"Obviously not the start I was hoping for," said Hughes, "but I felt more comfortable as I got going and felt that I would make some pretty good pitches there in the third inning.
After receiving the leadoff battery in the first one, Hushes handed over a single to second baseman Ian Kinsler.
A Two-Out Walk for J.D. Martinez brought Victor Martinez into play, who managed a single "up the middle" on the first run of the game.
Victor Martinez managed his 0-21 winning streak with the runners in the scoring position.
Third baseman Nick Castellanos followed with a single to the right, making another run, but Victor Martinez was knocked out of the game as he tried to get to third, ending the threat.
The Tigers gained in the second, scoring a one-out double from catcher James McCann and a two-out single from center fielder Anthony Gose to score 3-0.
"That was a big blow," said Twins manager Paul Molitor.
He didn't hit very well, but he hit the right spot.
Hughes was in a pitch count, scoring no points in the third inning, before being replaced by the reliever right-hander A.J.Achter.
Hughes had three runs with six hits and a walk with four strikeouts.
NOTES: Tigers RHP Anibal Sanchez retired due to a shoulder injury.
He is examined by Dr. James Andrews, who operated on Sanchez's shoulder in 2007.
Sanchez, who has been on the injury list since mid-August due to a pulled shoulder, is to be activated for the start on Wednesday.
With Sanchez out of the game, LHP Daniel Morris is taken off the injury list to start against the Twins.
Norris with 1-1 on four starts with the Tigers since he was acquired in exchange with LHP David Price on July 30
He has been absent since August 20 due to a strain in his right hip joint.
The Tigers and the Twins will finish their series of three games in Target Field on Wednesday
Norris (2-2,4.43 ERA) will play against Minnesota's RHP Ervin Santana (5-4, 4.73)
Hundreds of refugees to be housed in Wiesbaden
A train with hundreds of refugees is on its way to Hessen.
His arrival was expected for the night on Wednesday.
The people arriving there will then be accommodated in emergency shelters in Wiesbaden, as the city of Wiesbaden announced on Tuesday evening.
She reckoned with 450 to 750 arriving refugees.
Several sports halls in the Hessian state capital had been prepared for this case in the past few days.
Up to 1000 refugees can be temporarily accommodated there.
They should then be distributed to other municipalities.
In the past ten days alone, 7500 people had arrived in Hesse, according to information from the Giessen regional council responsible for the initial admission.
Frankfurt and Hanau have also set up emergency accommodation in sports halls because of the large number of refugees.
Ischinger: German military measures in Syria an option
The head of the Munich Security Conference, Wolfgang Ischinger, considers military measures with German participation in Syria to be a possibility.
"I believe that the decisive reflection on military options for action must not take place without Germany," he said.
He accused the European states of "collective looking away".
Four years ago, he said, people were glad that the chalice of military involvement had passed Germany by.
"Now the conflict lands crashing on our doorstep," he said on Deutschlandfunk radio.
The former German ambassador in Washington also called for a massive increase in international aid on the ground for the refugees.
Austria checks at southern and eastern borders
After Germany, Austria has also reintroduced controls at its southern and eastern borders.
The Austrian Minister of the Interior Johanna Mikl-Leitner declared on Tuesday evening on the Austrian television channel ORF that nobody would be sent back to Hungary even now.
Germany had not sent any refugees back to Austria either.
"No, that's the agreement," she said.
Regarding the question of an agreement according to which Germany could take in a certain number of refugees from Austria per day, Mikl-Leitner said that there had already been talks on this matter between the Director General for Public Security and representatives of Germany.
She did not name concrete numbers and referred to talks on Wednesday in Berlin.
In the past few days tens of thousands of refugees had arrived in Austria from Hungary via the so-called Balkan route.
Your destination is usually Germany.
Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) and her Austrian colleague Werner Faymann, together with several other EU heads of state and government, requested a special summit for next week.
Germany had started temporary border controls on Sunday.
The EU states have not yet been able to agree on a common approach to the crisis.
The EU interior ministers want to make a new attempt at a special meeting next Tuesday (22 September) to agree on a binding distribution of another 120,000 refugees.
In view of the large number of refugees in Germany, the federal government wants to provide more support to the federal states in the initial reception and distribution of people.
The federal government will manage this together with the states, Merkel announced late Tuesday evening after almost four hours of consultations with the Minister Presidents in the Chancellor's Office in Berlin.
Merkel stressed that those people who needed protection would get it.
But those who have no prospects of staying cannot stay in Germany.
This view was impressively shared in the Round Table.
The Chancellor stressed that the state as a whole must now make a "huge effort".
Thousands of desperate refugees are now stuck on the Balkan route.
Hungary had closed its 175 kilometre long border with Serbia during the night to Tuesday.
A few hours later the government in Budapest announced that it would also seal off the border with Romania with a fence.
Unlike Serbia, this neighbouring country belongs to the EU.
Hungary wants to prevent smugglers from looking for alternative routes via Romania, said Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto regarding the planned new border fence.
The Romanian government immediately condemned the plan.
There were first arrests of people who had cut through the fence.
Meanwhile, in Turkey, eyewitnesses reported that thousands of other migrants made their way to the Greek border.
Space probe "Cassini" finds ocean on Saturn's moon Enceladus
A global ocean sloshes under the ice shield of Saturn's moon Enceladus.
This is what researchers conclude from observations of the "Cassini" space probe.
According to this the moon is slightly tumbling on its orbit around the ringed planet.
This tumbling motion is only small, but it is still too large for a continuously solid celestial body, according to a communication from Cornell University in Ithaca (US state of New York) on Tuesday.
The researchers present their analyses in the journal "Icarus".
It had been known for a long time that there must be liquid water under the ice cover of Enceladus.
In 2006, for example, "Cassini" had already discovered ice volcanoes at the south pole of Saturn's moon that spew out water vapour and ice particles and thus feed Saturn's so-called E ring.
At least at the South Pole there must be an underground sea, astronomers concluded at the time.
However, the extent of the hidden ocean was not clear.
Rama missing 1860 Munich several weeks
The 1860 Munich must do without offensive player Valdet Rama for about a month.
An investigation has revealed an adductor injury in the 27-year-old, the association announced.
Rama had already complained about pain at the beginning of the week.
According to the Munich Lion, the diagnosis means "probably four weeks of forced rest".
"This is hard on us. Rama is a great loss."
"Of course we have to think now", said sports director Necat Aygün to the "Bild" newspaper with regard to the possible engagement of an unassociated professional.
However, the sixties initially presented a defensive man as a training guest.
The 30-year-old Hrvoje Cale was last active in Belgium and was previously under contract to VfL Wolfsburg.
The Croatian currently has "the opportunity to prove his skills".
Goalscorer Rubin Okotie can return to team training next week after his concussion.
Already on Thursday the Austrian national player is supposed to start running training.
Okotie had injured his head in a violent collision during the game at Fortuna Düsseldorf (0:3).
Contrary to initial fears, however, he remained without a serious injury.
Not a diet fruit - mangos contain a lot of sugar
Mangoes are exotic and juicy-sweet.
But if you want to pay attention to your slim line, you are often advised against it.
This is because mangos contain a relatively high amount of sugar - especially sucrose.
The exotic fruits are healthy nevertheless: they contain B vitamins as well as vitamins E and C. Above all, however, mangos contain a lot of vitamin A and its precursor beta-carotene.
Whoever eats the fruit thus supports vision, the immune system and metabolic processes in the body.
When buying mangos should not be too soft or too firm and should smell pleasant.
The colour of the skin alone says nothing about how ripe the fruit is - so even green mangos can taste very tasty.
They should be stored at room temperature and consumed within a few days.
Then they taste natural, either pure or in sweet dishes.
But a mango also gives a special touch to hearty dishes.
It softens the slightly bitter taste of some leaf salads such as chicory and radiccio.
And a mango chutney goes well with fish, poultry, lamb and game.
The US parcel service UPS hires up to 95000 temporary workers for the Christmas business in the USA.
The company has already begun recruiting seasonal workers, UPS announced on Tuesday.
Especially drivers are wanted.
Last year, UPS had already increased its workforce by 95,000 temporary staff for the holiday season.
With online business booming, UPS and its competitor FedEx have been making early preparations since last year to be ready for the Christmas season.
2013, late deliveries had brought the parcel services harsh criticism.
First a foehn storm, then a prominent cold front
During the coming night, the foehn will break through the valleys on the northern side of the Alps, as Meteoschweiz announced on Tuesday.
On Wednesday and in the night to Thursday the foehn blows partly with storm force through the foehn valleys.
After foehn end on Thursday morning, a prominent cold front crosses us, bringing heavy rain, gusts of wind and a drop in temperature.
As MeteoNews writes in a press release, Switzerland is currently lying on the front side of an extensive low-pressure system over the British Isles in a strong southwest current.
On the northern side of the Alps, the foehn breaks through the valleys in the night to Wednesday.
Subsequently, the foehn blows until Thursday morning in the foehn valleys with gusts of 60 to 100 km/h, occasionally and especially in the Urnerland partly also with more than 100 km/h.
The foehn can penetrate in places as far as the adjacent midlands, and on the mountains, hurricane gusts of over 120 km/h are even possible.
While in the north a stormy foehn on Wednesday ensures summer temperatures of 23 to 27 degrees, the humidity on the southern slopes of the Alps begins to build up.
Rain sets in here and continues until Thursday evening.
All in all, south of the Alps, over 100 litres of rain per square metre must be expected in the next 48 hours, after the last few days have already seen large amounts of rain.
On Thursday morning, the foehn runs out of air and a cold front with heavy, partly thundery rain rolls from west to east over Switzerland.
Together with the cold front, the wind freshens up strongly to stormy, and temperatures drop significantly.
The following days present themselves in the north with autumnal temperatures of 15 to 20 degrees, in the south, however, it becomes sunnier and warmer on the weekend with up to 25 degrees.
Rome now has a Martin Luther Square
Almost 500 years after the Reformation, Rome now has a Martin Luther Square.
In the presence of Mayor Ignazio Marino, a previously nameless square in the park on Oppio Hill was baptized in the name of the German reformer on Wednesday.
In the "Piazza Martin Lutero" he is now honoured as the "German Theologian of the Reformation".
The park is located in the middle of ancient Rome right next to the Colosseum.
The naming had been applied for by the Arbeitsgemeinschaft der evangelischen Kirchen in Rom.
Jens-Martin Kruse, pastor of the Evangelical Lutheran Congregation in Rome, reminded on Wednesday that for centuries the Protestants in the city of the Popes as a minority could often only live their faith in secret.
The square symbolically demonstrates that their tradition of Christian faith is welcome in Rome.
Martin Luther (1483-1546) stayed in Rome for a few months as a young Augustinian monk at the turn of the year 1510/11.
At that time, he considered the city a depraved place of sin.
According to historians, his negative impressions may have strengthened him in his later fight against Rome.
With his theses against the sale of indulgences, Luther had then initiated the division of the Western Church.
Hammer Künstler invested three years in the personal interpretation of the Bible
Jesus with the (gilded) crown of thorns is one of the main works that Otmar Alt painted for his Bible.
Klaus Altepost wrote the introduction and updated Bible texts.
In the beginning was the word?
No, not with the Otmar Alt Bible, which has now been published with magnificent pictures.
In the beginning there was the painting for Otmar Alt, who formulated his very personal interpretations of biblical stories on paper and canvas in 150 motifs.
The 75-year-old has retained his "language" with bright colours and imaginative shapes - but this is by no means synonymous with "funny" pictures.
On the contrary: Adapted to the respective topics, this can appear quite gloomy.
Otmar Alt worked for about three years on his Bible project, for which he made a subjective artistic selection from the many subject areas of the "Book of All Books".
The result are cycles dedicated to themes such as the Way of the Cross, plagues, commandments or the Lord's Prayer.
With this he spontaneously fascinated several partners at once: This applies to the Luther publishing house with its theological orientation as well as to the Kettler publishing house with its focus on art books.
And there is above all the author Klaus Altepost, who has dealt with the respective Bible passages on the basis of painting.
He interpreted the biblical passages selected by Otmar Alt and thus "translated" them into the present day, into current contexts.
These texts are like verbal mirrors of Alt's painting.
They are embedded between the original Bible quotation by Martin Luther and a sentence by the artist, who here formulates his very personal thoughts on the respective situation.
The decorative binding has golden letters.
Thus the 75-year-old allows a double deep insight into his soul, his emotions.
That's a high level of intimacy.
In the end, emotions were the trigger for the Bible Project in the first place: Otmar Alt, born in Wernigerode in 1940 and raised in Berlin, comes from a family that belonged to the strict Protestant Herrnhuter Order.
"That's when education happened with a cane," Otmar Alt remembers.
"I've tried to work this out so that maybe I can make peace with the Lord Father again."
His second concern, he says, is to help art regain its status in these fast-moving times: "Today, the perception of visual worlds is characterized by advertising, and it is loud.
Symbolism is suppressed there.
Artists have a different desire and delight to show things.
Pictures always have something mysterious and are not decorative.
"I'm a dinosaur in that respect".
Otmar Alt wants viewers to "fall into" the pictures, let them have an effect on them, discover and feel the power they have: "The picture seeks its counterpart".
Klaus Altepost confessed on Tuesday at the presentation of the Otmar Alt Bible in the Otmar Alt Foundation that he has "always" been a lover of Otmar Alt's art: "I like the way he understands life with his pictures".
Alt did not take care to grasp the Bible completely, but chose the topics that were important to him, including mysterious ones.
"This was not cooperation at eye level", says Altepost: "This is about the pictures, the text merely explains". The result was a picture Bible.
For Hans Möhler of Luther-Verlag, this work is an invitation to "deepen his life and find freedom".
Otmar Alt's pictures speak for Möhler both the (biblical) language of love and that of responsibility.
Some of the originals - paper and canvas paintings - will be presented for the first time in an exhibition that will open on 15 November at the Otmar Alt Foundation.
Start of construction for BMX track nearing
Plans made, space found, company commissioned, earth mounds modelled for a circuit: One year later, almost everything was ready - but even before the official opening of the BMX track it was already over.
Failures in politics and administration caused annoyance, especially among the residents, who did not want to tolerate the railway.
So hills were deported, new space sought - now with formal planning and application for building permission.
The approval will be received in October, Sabine Mosebach-Bock, First Municipal Councillor, could now announce in the children and youth committee.
"I hope that this year something visible happens," she said.
Work should then begin on the former indoor swimming pool without "further pause for remembrance".
DFB intensifies commitment to refugees
The DFB is expanding its commitment to refugees until 2019, and the Bundesliga is sending out a clear signal at the weekend.
Football is reacting to the worsening situation in Germany and assures politicians of its help in overcoming the problems that lie ahead.
"I consider this the greatest challenge our country has faced since reunification."
"Basically, nobody can say it's none of my business, I have nothing to do with it."
"This must be of interest to every single person to get this issue under control," said DFB boss Wolfgang Niersbach.
At his annual meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel on 23rd September in Berlin he intends to discuss the refugee situation in Germany in detail.
"I'll be at the Chancellery next Wednesday and meet the Minister of State Mrs Özoğuz and the Chancellor."
"I'm sure the subject will play a central role," he announced.
Football could and would help.
But the decisive course must be set by politics.
The German Football Association has therefore extended its refugee initiative "1:0 for a welcome" by four years.
"Through the Egidius Braun Foundation, we have ensured that this programme will continue until 2019," explained Niersbach on the sidelines of the UEFA meeting in St. Julian's/Malta.
Some Bundesliga clubs also support this programme.
Already this weekend, the 36 professional clubs are sending a clear signal when they will wear the imprint "Wir helfen - #refugeeswelcome" on the left sleeve instead of the usual sponsor logo (Hermes).
"We also want to make it clear that everyone should help where and how they can," Leverkusen's head of sports Rudi Völler told the "Bild" newspaper (Tuesday), describing the project as a "matter of course".
"The refugee tragedy is everyone's business, no one can look the other way."
"We Bundesliga football clubs can, no, we must use our charisma, our influence and our possibilities to help the many refugees who have already suffered so incredibly," said Hertha manager Michael Preetz.
Hoffenheim's managing director Peter Rettig spoke of a "prominent sign of the league".
The national women's team invites 100 refugees to Halle/Saale for the European Championship qualifying match against Hungary this Friday.
Niersbach described the support of refugees as "a great joint effort of German football".
The fact that all 36 licence clubs have started their own projects in their localities is great.
Just as great is that small and smallest clubs are active there.
The message "1:0 for a welcome" that we gave out is lived in football.
"This is of enormous importance," he said.
This year and next year, the association, together with the DFB selection committee and the German government, will each provide 300,000 euros for the integration of refugees.
"The clubs have already called in the full amount for 2015," reported Niersbach.
Reports: SAP CEO loses an eye in accident
The CEO of Europe's largest software company, Bill McDermott, has reportedly lost his left eye in a fall in early July.
In the accident on the stairs in his brother's house in the USA, he fell after midnight on a glass of water that he had carried in his left hand, the "Wirtschaftswoche" reported on Wednesday.
"He almost bled to death, fainted, then dragged himself out onto the street - that's what he told us last week," the "WiWo" quotes SAP co-founder Hasso Plattner.
But McDermott could go about his business.
"At the beginning of October we will meet before the Supervisory Board meeting in Walldorf," said Plattner.
The 54-year-old manager was present at the meeting and "fully fit for work".
McDermott announced in an interview with the "Süddeutsche Zeitung" (Thursday edition) that he would come back to Germany in October and continue to lead the software company.
"I'm fully committed to SAP, fully committed to my job."
"Naturally, I was in regular contact with the Supervisory Board and its Chairman Hasso Plattner all the time," McDermott told the "SZ".
McDermott usually commutes between Germany and the USA, but since the summer he has not been at the German SAP headquarters in Walldorf.
It was important to him to go public with such a personal story, said the manager of the "SZ": "Something like this can happen to anyone.
"The important thing is to get up again after you've fallen down."
McLaren replacement pilot Magnussen out of commission...
Magnussen tweeted an appropriate photo and explained that he suffered the injury when he fell off his bike.
He will therefore not be a reserve driver for the two regular drivers Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button in the Singapore night race this weekend, nor will he be a reserve driver for the Japanese Grand Prix a week later.
Football: BVB without Reus against Krasnodar: Willow fur in the gate
At Borussia Dortmund, all hopes of a comeback by Marco Reus in the first group match of the Europa League have been dashed for good.
The national player will also be missing from the leader of the Bundesliga table in the duel with FK Krasnodar on Thursday (19.00/Sky).
"Unfortunately we cannot fall back on him," Thomas Tuchel said on Wednesday.
Whether Reus will be back in the Bundesliga top game against Leverkusen on Sunday was left open by the BVB coach: "We expect him to return to training on Friday".
In view of the heavy workload of his professionals, Tuchel will not only change his regular team in the Reus position.
So he announced a change on the goalkeeper position.
That is why Roman Weidenfeller takes the place of Roman Bürki.
"He trains at an absolute top level," the soccer teacher praised the world champion.
However, Tuchel left it open whether Weidenfeller will be used in all European League games in future.
With high probability he will also play the second game.
Midfielder Julian Weigl finds the brisk statement by teammate Reus that BVB's goal must be to reach the final of the Europa League understandable: "Marco is not so wrong about that.
"I think that we have a good chance to grab the title."
Robot cars: Government wants to play a pioneering role for Germany
The German government wants Germany to be the technological pioneer in the transformation of the car.
On Wednesday, the Federal Cabinet adopted a strategy paper from the house of Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU), which provides for investments in the expansion of digital infrastructure, among other things.
Dobrindt spoke on Wednesday in Frankfurt on the fringes of the IAA automobile fair of a "new mobility age".
Automated and networked driving will increase traffic safety and reduce traffic jams, said Dobrindt.
He also intends to discuss the topic with his counterparts from the G7 countries, who will also meet with representatives of industry at the IAA.
Among other things, the strategy paper of the Ministry of Transport emphasizes the importance of mobile broadband expansion and a rapid switch to digital radio.
A test track is currently being built on the Autobahn 9 in Bavaria to test new technology.
To ensure that drivers "are not burdened with additional liability risks", the German government wants to "review the legal framework and, where necessary, adapt it to new developments".
Germany, for example, intends to lobby internationally for an increase in the maximum permitted speed for self-propelled cars from 10 to 130 kilometres per hour.
The Federal Government also intends to work for an amendment to the Vienna Convention, which so far only provides for the human being as driver.
In automated driving, the car increasingly takes the lead and the driver becomes more and more a passenger.
The technology is mainly based on sensors and cameras that capture the environment and process the data in seconds.
According to a study presented by the Ministry of Economics, highly automated driving on motorways will be technically possible by 2020.
Nevertheless, driverless vehicles on public roads are "not expected until well after 2020".
The authors of the study estimate the value added in the field of driver assistance systems and highly automated driving functions in Germany as a business location at around 8.4 billion euros for 2025.
"Digital networking of the car can lead to more safety and efficiency in road traffic," said SPD transport politician Sören Bartol.
However, the question of liability in the event of accidents and the security of drivers' personal data must be clearly clarified.
However, Germans still view self-propelled cars with skepticism - much more so than the French or Americans.
A survey presented on Wednesday at the AA by the Forsa Institute on behalf of the testing organisation Dekra comes to the conclusion that only eight percent of Germans believe that autonomously driving cars will become established in the next ten years, 32 percent do not expect this to happen for another 20 years, and 31 percent do not believe in it at all.
In France, 21 percent of those surveyed expect to have autonomous cars by 2025, and 33 percent in the USA.
In any case, motorists in Germany are not yet ready to rely completely on a self-propelled vehicle.
According to a survey by the digital association Bitkom, only seven percent would agree to hand over control during the entire journey on all roads.
On the autobahn, 15 percent could imagine this in flowing traffic, and 45 percent in traffic jams.
A good one in four would not let the car take control under any circumstances.
Boll cancels team and double start at European Table Tennis Championships
As things stand at present, the man from Düsseldorf will only serve in the singles at the title bouts from 25 September to 4 October.
The final decision should be taken by 22 September at the latest.
"This is a huge loss to our team."
"The boys found out in the morning."
"But we are strong enough to win the title even without Timo," said national coach Jörg Roßkopf during the European Championship training course in Düsseldorf.
At that time, Boll was on a flight to China for a long-term agreed sponsor appointment.
The 34-year-old German champion is expected back on Friday.
"Without Timo this is a disadvantage, we are not such a clear favourite now", explained individual European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov.
The Hamelin player, who leads the seed list in Ekaterinburg, also reminded of the European Championship 2013 in Schwechat.
"Timo was also missing then, and we became European champions."
"This is what we should orientate ourselves on," explained the world number five.
The English national football player Luke Shaw of Manchester United has sustained a serious injury to his right leg.
At the Champions League game at PSV Eindhoven, the defender was hit by a tackle from Héctor Moreno and replaced after a long treatment.
The first diagnosis pointed to a fracture of the tibia in Bastian Schweinsteiger's 20-year-old teammate.
Gaultier feels too old to be an enfant terrible
It is a mixture of a very large fashion show and a waxworks horror cabinet: designer Jean Paul Gaultier (63) presented an exhibition of his work in Munich on Wednesday.
The highlights: Mannequins that look frighteningly human thanks to video projections.
They wear the spectacular creations of the French designer, who became a big star of the fashion scene with Madonna's stage outfits, among other things - and by putting men in skirts.
"I can no longer say that I am the enfant terrible of haute couture because I have white hair."
"It used to be bleached, now it's real," Gaultier said.
For visitors to the exhibition "From The Sidewalk To The Catwalk", which can be seen in the Kunsthalle of the Hypo-Kulturstiftung from 18 September, it is fortunate that the fashion designer has changed his initially negative attitude towards a show about himself.
Actually, he was against it, because: "For me, an exhibition sounded a bit like death," he said.
When you die, you go to a museum.
The impressive collection had previously made stops in Montreal, Canada and Paris.
"It's about so much more than just beautiful clothes," said Roger Diederen, director of the art gallery.
It was about tolerance, acceptance and the vision of an open society.
The exhibits give an insight into the almost unmanageable work of the man who wrote fashion history without ever having completed an apprenticeship.
The show is not chronologically structured, but it is an excellently choreographed Gesamtkunstwerk, for which a great deal of effort was put into it: For example, a stylist was hired to do the dolls' hair.
According to the curator Thierry-Maxime Loriot, the creators have transported 14 tons of material to Munich.
Shortly before the start of the Oktoberfest there was a special treat: a Lederhosen outfit with corset.
Heidi meets Madonna.
He has always been interested in strong women ("women are smarter than men") and people who are a little different, Gaultier said.
Gaultier's old teddy can also be seen in the exhibition.
It stands for the designer's first, tentative fashionable attempts at walking.
As a child (he was not a good student and bad at soccer) he used to put bras and clothes on his teddy bear, Gaultier said.
His parents would not have allowed him to play with a doll.
He later taught himself to design fashion.
He stole fashion magazines and looked at the designs of other designers, as Gaultier told in Munich.
But later I bought them of course.
He had not been able to pay the models for his first own fashion show.
They got nothing, but they were allowed to keep the clothes.
Jewellery instead of curtains - Plauen lace as a fashion niche
In the past, the long embroidery machines in and around Plauen were used to make meters.
The embroidered fabrics and lace were produced in large quantities for customers who processed them into blankets and curtains, for example.
That alone no longer works, explains Andreas Reinhardt, managing director of Modespitze Plauen.
Instead, fashion is important again.
In the early days of Plauen lace, fashion played a greater role, was then displaced by the home textile industry - and is now being rediscovered as a niche.
Reinhardt gives some examples: Lace in jewelry, in accessories such as bags and in regional costumes.
In general, the so-called vintage fashion, which is based on past style epochs, represents an increasing order potential.
Those who do not serve niches in the textile industry in Germany are no longer in the market.
In our company they already account for half of all orders.
Modespitze Plauen, together with nine other companies, is a member of the Plauen Lace and Embroideries trade association.
Only they may carry the protected label.
In the last 15 years, about 80 percent of the turnover has been lost.
Private specialist shops and also the wholesale trade are almost non-existent.
Our products hardly reach the customer in this way.
Nowadays, the mass-produced goods are produced much cheaper in the Asian region and are almost exclusively sold via chains.
In addition, exports, currently to Russia and the USA, are weak.
Enough reasons for new approaches.
The trade association also tries to score points through environmental awareness, as Cordula Bauer from the Stickperle in Falkenstein explains: "Since this year we have been carrying a quality seal that shows that we produce in an ecologically and socially compatible way".
Reinhardt adds: "This also refers to the materials used".
Graduate designer Ute Schmidt teaches at the Schneeberg branch of the West Saxon University of Applied Arts in Zwickau - at the Faculty of Applied Arts - and specialises in embroidery and lace.
To counter the competition from the Asian region, you have to find high-quality and innovative products.
It takes time and courage.
There is a field of tension between the freshest ideas of the designers and the companies, which must above all think economically," says Schmidt.
Therefore, an existing design is often only slightly varied in order to retain a customer base.
A few years ago, textile designer Kati Reuter revived the historic snowball lace.
The machine embroiders small beads in some places.
Plauen's master goldsmith Bianca Hallebach-Krauße was inspired by this: "Before, I could not do anything with traditional Plauen lace".
Now she uses the snowball tip for her jewelry.
In a complex process she embosses the pattern in silver.
"Many people in the region identify with the Plauen lace theme - young and old," says Reuter.
It also delivers to the USA, Australia and Finland - mainly to customers whose ancestors lived in Plauen and the surrounding area and who want a souvenir.
With this I see my jewellery as a modern ambassador of Plauen lace.
Disney plans new "Mary Poppins" movie
Legends are not supposed to be touched, but Disney is nevertheless venturing into a new film of his classic "Mary Poppins".
However, according to "Entertainment Weekly" this isn't about a remake, but a kind of sequel, which plays with the magical nanny 20 years after the first movie.
It is about the nanny's experiences with the Banks family in times of the Great Depression in England.
It is still unclear who plays Poppins more than 50 years after Julie Andrews.
But the director has already been determined: Rob Marshall, last in the cinema with "Into the Woods".
Xi urges to open the economy more widely to the world
The economy needs to open up more widely to the outside world to promote growth, President Xi Jinping told a group charged with steering reform on Tuesday.
"China should work to attract foreign investment and know-how and improve business creation strategies," he said in an address to the 16th session of the Central Steering Group for deepening comprehensive reform.
Encouraging start-ups and driving forward reforms will create new momentum and vitality and provide a new space for economic growth, Xi said.
The Leadership Group has adopted a number of directives, including a negative list to regulate market access, easing of border control policies, promotion of state-owned enterprises (SOE) to raise private capital, and overhaul of the population registration system.
According to the statement, a negative list is drawn up, identifying sectors and companies that are not eligible for investment.
The system will be tested step by step and improved through test programs.
The initiative is important because it gives the market a greater role in the allocation of resources, ensures a business environment based on the rule of law and makes the market more open, the statement said.
The government will also relax controls on the powers delegated to companies and ensure that companies decide how to conduct their business.
The statement also said that China will allow border areas to explore new models of cross-border economic cooperation and new mechanisms to promote regional growth.
As part of an offer to open up state-controlled sectors, other areas will be opened up to private investment.
"The government will not change its policy towards foreign investment and will protect the legitimate interests of leveraged companies and provide better services to them," the statement said.
Furthermore, it will be made easier for foreigners to apply for a permanent residence permit or the "Green Card" by optimising the requirements and facilitating the application process.
The right of lawyers to guarantee the exercise of their activity and to appoint professional judges and prosecutors was also discussed at a meeting.
The meeting was also attended by Prime Minister Li Keqiang and important leaders such as Liu Yunshan and Zhang Gaoli, as reported in a statement issued after the meeting.
EU wants to double mercury limit value in predatory fish
The European Commission wants to double the limit values for mercury in large predatory fish and thus impose a significantly higher dose of the nerve poison on consumers.
The consumer organisation Foodwatch, which has a corresponding working paper from the EU, sharply criticised the plans: "Risks and side effects of misguided industrial and environmental policies will be passed on to pregnant women and small children with full force", explained Matthias Wolfschmidt from Foodwatch.
According to Wolfschmidt, the limits of the neurotoxin for large fish at the end of the food chain, such as shark or swordfish, are to be raised from one to two milligrams of mercury per kilogram of fish for "economic policy reasons".
However, large predatory fish are already so heavily contaminated with mercury that, on the basis of the limits still in force, about 50 percent of the catches may not be sold.
After doubling the limits, only 14.5 percent would then be unsaleable.
In return for this relaxation, the EU wants to tighten the limits for other fish from the current 0.5 milligrams of mercury per kilogram to 0.1 milligrams of mercury per kilogram, according to Foodwatch.
However, Foodwatch called this a "trick", because smaller peaceful fish, such as carp, are usually so lightly contaminated that they already meet the planned maximum levels.
The reduction in the price of small fish is therefore "a perfidious diversionary manoeuvre which alone helps the economy", explained Wolfschmidt.
Mercury is a heavy metal that is highly toxic to humans and accumulates heavily via the food chain, especially in predatory fish.
The German government therefore warns that "even small amounts can cause damage to the nervous system, especially in the unborn child".
However, the Federal Ministry for the Environment declares on its homepage with regard to the applicable maximum values that a "health risk to the general population" is not to be expected.
Mercury enters the environment mainly through coal combustion.
According to a written statement by the Federal Environment Ministry to Green Party member of parliament Annalena Baerbock, the German coal-fired power plants emit more than six tons of mercury per year, two thirds of the total amount emitted in Germany.
The concentration of mercury in fish, for example in the Elbe, Rhine and Danube rivers, was "permanently and comprehensively exceeded", "Spiegel" had quoted from the paper in March.
Last year, Europe-wide warnings of mercury in fish were already among the most frequently reported health risks in the EU alert system RASFF.
Foodwatch calls on consumers to protest against the EU plans at: www.quecksilber-aktion.foodwatch.de
28-year-old cook found dead in San Francisco Mall
A 28-year-old cook who recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local shopping mall.
The victim's brother testified that he can't imagine anyone who would want to harm him, "At last, things were looking up for him."
The body found Wednesday morning in the Westfield Mall has been identified as 28-year-old Frank Galicia of San Francisco, the San Francisco forensics department said.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and the investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABS station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, who used to work as a chef in Boston, got his dream job as a chef at Sons & Daughters Restaurant in San Francisco six months ago.
A spokesman for the Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
"We are a small team that works like a close family and we will miss him painfully," the spokesman continued.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends during this difficult time.
Louis Galicia stated that Frank initially lived in hostels, but that, "things were finally looking up for him."
"He found an apartment, he had a girlfriend," Louis Garcia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said that he could not imagine anyone who would want to harm his younger brother.
He was a kind man with a big heart.
His way of connecting with his family was to always cook something for us, to prepare dinner for us," said Louis Galicia.
He never wanted to take part in any kind of confrontation.
He was the brother who went with the flow.
"With everything that goes wrong in the world, he was this uncut diamond that shone brightly every day," he said.
Anyone who has information on the case is requested to call the SFPD's hotline at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I always get pigeonholed
Jennifer Aniston does not always have to be perfect or successful.
The Hollywood star has now made this unmistakably clear in an interview.
"I'm always put into drawers or get labels stuck on the outside, which usually have little to do with me and reality."
"I myself have no desire to be perfect and successful."
"To be honest, I don't really give a shit about these things."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh about the fact that she is considered "Miss Perfect", as she explains in the current "Cosmopolitan".
According to the magazine, the actress prefers to spend her time at home, in front of the television with a loose bun and Mexican food.
The question about the desire for children makes her furious: "We women don't have to be married or have children to be perfect," says the Hollywood star.
In her new film "Mother's Day - Love is not a child's play" Aniston is seen as a single mother of two sons.
The film will be released on August 25th.
Golfer Langer receives the sports pyramid
His experience on the horse is manageable.
At the end of a golf tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer and some colleagues were looking for a little variety with a ride on the beach.
It was a premiere for the 58-year-old.
CHIO: "Golden Sports Pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horses remembered their end of work, they chased home to the feeding troughs at a fast gallop.
A kilometre at this speed, I was scared.
"It was not a good experience," says Langer.
And with that the riding career ended again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all times - 101 tournament victories - was again close to horses.
He let himself and his family be led around the ALRV grounds, he did not even get on a horse for taking photos.
Langer was in Aachen for the first time and thus also at the CHIO.
The reason was quite convincing.
The German Sports Aid presented the man from Anhausen with the Golden Sports Pyramid at a small gala.
There is no lack of awards for the likeable sportsman.
Federal Cross of Merit, Silver Bay Leaf, Champions Tour Player of the Year...
Even the British Queen has already ennobled him.
Langer is the 18th winner of the sports pyramid.
In Aachen on Saturday he met the first prize winner, Hans Günter Winkler.
"This award means a lot to me", says Langer, "because it is not only awarded for sporting successes, but also for social commitment".
Langer has been promoting young talent for decades.
And so he also passed on the prize money of 25,000 euros straight away.
Together with 15 other outstanding athletes, the two-time US Masters winner was inducted into the "Hall of Fame of German Sports" on Saturday.
Among the awardees are the track and field athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, the gymnast Eberhard Gienger, the fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Pusch and Arnd Schmitt, the rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, the bobber Meinhard Nehmer, the judoka Frank Wieneke, the show jumper Alwin Schockemöhle and posthumously the handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sporting legends had come to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious crowd went to the jumping stadium where the Lavazza Prize was awarded.
Bernhard Langer kept his distance to the big animals.
Clinton and Trump's economic policy in comparison: It's all about the money
Both Clinton and Trump want to invest in infrastructure and prevent the TTP trade agreement.
However, the two US presidential candidates disagree on tax and energy policy and on a fundamental issue.
The differences in economic policy between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are based on a fundamental, rather philosophical difference.
The one about the role of the state.
Trump wants to keep them rather small in case of doubt and warns of how the state can harm the economy - with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to tax the economy to death and regulate it to death, he says.
He himself, on the other hand, is quite different, Trump claims.
He will massively reduce regulations and advocate a far-reaching tax reform with lower tax rates - for private individuals and for companies.
Clinton, on the other hand, says: The state has certain tasks to fulfil, it has to open up opportunities for the disadvantaged and needs money for this.
That's why taxes are being raised for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, both are very close to the topic of infrastructure.
Trump and Clinton say almost word for word that these must be invested in.
The democratic candidate even announces the biggest investment in new jobs since the Second World War.
State investment programs in infrastructure are classic democratic policies and are strictly rejected by the Republican Teaparty wing, which is critical of the state.
Trump could therefore still be subject to internal party discussions.
The differences in energy and climate policy are clearer.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power plants and increase coal production in the USA.
Oil production should also be possible in previously protected areas, and he wants to terminate the Paris Climate Change Agreement.
Clinton, on the other hand, explicitly wants to expand renewable energies with her investment program and demands: "A country will become the superpower of clean energies and create millions of jobs.
"I guess it'll either be China, Germany or America - I want it to be us."
But it is not only in terms of infrastructure - the two competitors are not too far apart in terms of international trade agreements either.
Neither of them wants to sign TPP, the transpacific trade agreement.
At the same time, however, both do not want to isolate the USA from international trade - they simply want to better protect American jobs.
Clinton, for example, demands that they should be better paid.
The current minimum wage of 7.25 US dollars is a pittance.
Him she wants to raise to $15 an hour.
What Trump wants to do in this matter is not quite clear: One time he says: the minimum wage must go up, then he says it must not be changed.
However, the big discussion in the coming months is likely to be about the tax policy of the two camps.
On the one hand, there is Trump, who wants to relieve the burden on the economy and citizens in order to boost growth.
His critics accuse him that this would only increase the budget deficit.
On the other side is Clinton, who at least wants to demand that the rich pay more taxes, and whose critics say: more taxes are not the solution either.
Escape: "Every escaped woman has experience with sexual violence"
Sexual violence is almost part of everyday life for women who flee alone.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
A house offers sanctuary.
Four women sit in a large kitchen.
Each of them has a baby with them, who is one year old at most.
One of them put her little boy in her arms.
He looks curiously into the room with big eyes.
His mother stares at the tabletop.
Until she realizes she's being watched.
She smiles briefly and kisses the little one.
The scene looks normal.
Until you talk to Katrin Bahr.
She is the divisional manager of Condrobs, a provider of social assistance services in Bavaria, and deals with the topic of women on the run, among other things.
The four women in the kitchen are fugitives.
They live in the north of Munich in one of the few decentralized accommodations for single women and their children in Bavaria.
In January, Condrobs opened the facility together with Pro Familia and Münchner Frauenhilfe.
Recently it was officially opened.
60 people live there - about 40 women and 20 children.
There are no men - not even as visitors.
The exception is a security guard at the door.
"It is no exaggeration to say that every woman who arrives here has had experience of sexual violence during her flight," says Bahr.
"Men flee because of wars, because they are politically persecuted, because they are threatened with torture or death or because their families send them to Europe as bearers of hope," she says.
In the case of women, other reasons for escape predominate: "Many steal away secretly because they see no other way out".
In their home country they have had experience of sexual violence, forced marriages, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
It drives them away.
On the run, it continues.
"It is not uncommon for traffickers to demand a sexual act for a bottle of water, for example," says Bahr.
And the women are alone, they are not protected by their families.
Anyone who thinks that it will end as soon as they arrive in Germany is wrong, says Bahr.
Here too, single women in refugee accommodation are often considered inferior and, at worst, abused.
As a result, she estimates that about 90 percent of the women living in accommodation in the north of Munich are traumatised.
"Some of the children were certainly not born of free will".
Many women are so used to not saying anything.
"Or they do not dare to speak openly about what they have experienced because the shame is too great".
Since they often do not know how to help themselves, they need more shelters just for them, Bahr demands.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for the accommodation of refugees.
When asked whether they knew of a project similar to the one in Munich in their area of responsibility, some answer in the negative.
In the Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia, for example, there is no such thing in government accommodation.
Even in Swabia, women who have fled alone are not accommodated separately, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, spokesman for the government.
In Upper Bavaria, Lower and Middle Franconia, some communal accommodations have floors or separate houses only for single women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria, where there are two central accommodations exclusively for women.
The European Parliament's Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality also calls for women to be housed separately from men.
A study published for the Committee states that "it is very important that men and women are housed separately".
"In the absence of privacy, or when men and women are housed together, violence against women can - persist".
Above all, the washrooms should be separate and easily accessible for women, says the study.
The extent to which women feel this need for protection can be seen from the rush to the house in Munich.
"Since word got around that we exist, we have a long waiting list," says Bahr.
One could easily open a second house.
Interns are on strike: Calls for new industrial action
Deputies of the assistant doctors have called on their union to approve new industrial action in their disputes over a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) has called on its entire council to authorize more industrial action from early September.
JDC testified that ministers had failed to address the concerns about the contract.
Assistant doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the elections.
In a letter to members posted on Twitter on Thursday evening, JDC chairwoman Ellen McCourt said that the government had been "persistently calm" about problems, which led to the contract being rejected.
She said: "In view of this, the JDC board has voted to reject the proposed new contract outright and requested official renegotiations on all your concerns.
In response to the government's silence, the JDC board today made a formal request for a special meeting of the BMA council to approve an ongoing program of escalating industrial action starting in early September.
The disputes led to six strikes by junior doctors this year, the first total strike in the history of the NHS.
The head of BMA's assistant doctors, Dr. Johann Malawana, resigned after the election to reject the agreed contractual conditions recommended by BMA.
He informed BMA members during the meetings, which took place before the vote by 54,000 residents and medical students, that the contract was advantageous and should be accepted.
After the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said that the contract would be forcibly introduced for doctors in England.
Russia and Turkey: An "alliance of outsiders"?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and announce an official end to eight months of war of words and economic sanctions.
But when Vladimir Putin receives his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of the St. Petersburg Palace, I cannot help feeling that Ankara wants this reconciliation most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Putin's smile seemed narrow-lipped and he hardly radiated warmth, even for his reserved circumstances.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan, on the other hand, repeatedly spoke of his "dear friend" Putin - a full five times, according to one report.
I couldn't count it anymore.
He also promised that relations with Russia would not only return to their pre-crisis level, but would even improve.
The next day a newspaper described how Erdogan had behaved as if nothing bad had ever happened.
To me, his enthusiasm seemed to suggest the opposite.
But a sustained coolness radiating from Putin showed that Russia's head of state had not forgotten anything.
Rather, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening remarks: the shooting down of a Russian fighter plane at the Syrian border through Turkey.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
Putin handed out and accused Ankara of stabbing Russia in the back.
The offense was even greater, since it was committed by an alleged friend.
Rebuilding trust will be difficult, if not impossible.
Public opinion in Russia has changed since November.
For months the state-controlled media carried out a fierce, unrestricted attack on Ankara.
Suddenly it seemed as if the Turks were to blame for everything.
Most serious were the accusations by senior officials that Erdogan's own family had profited from illegal oil trading in areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic state.
He vehemently denied this.
But in St.Petersburg the official message was that it was time to look ahead.
After all, this meeting only took place because Putin received the apology he wanted to hear from President Erdogan.
Russia was able to record a kind of victory.
For Ankara, the advantages of a ceasefire are obvious.
Erdogan needs first and foremost all the friends he can get after he was almost removed from office last month in a failed coup d'état.
Repeated terrorist attacks on Turkey have also shaken him.
But there are also economic motives.
Russian sanctions have hit Turkey hard - especially the ban on charter flights, which usually bring several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast every year.
The number has decreased by almost 90 %.
In Russia, tour operators and charter companies will be relieved when flights are resumed.
They count on a late seasonal rush to the Mediterranean.
This week, state television predicted cheaper fruit and vegetables as soon as Turkish agricultural imports are allowed again.
A report in Vedemosti put it this way: "Tourists this way, tomatoes this way."
But the visit had added political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West because it considers its reaction to the attempted seizure of power as a weak response.
Add to this the ongoing resentment about the snail's pace of EU accession negotiations and Putin - who is eager to take advantage of the cool mood and reduce Turkey's relationship with the West.
The Russian head of state certainly won a bonus in Ankara for demanding support for the elected state organs after the attempted coup.
This is a matter of course for Moscow, which itself has a deep-seated fear of regime change.
The summit meeting in this glittering palace by the sea enabled Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst once described to me as an "alliance of outsiders": two countries that felt repudiated and mistreated by the West and are now allied.
Nevertheless, despite public reconciliation, there are still major differences between the two.
The biggest difference is in Syria, where Moscow recently gave itself the role of peacemaker, but where Russia and Turkey support opposing sides.
It could be significant that after almost three hours of initial talks, both presidents testified at the press conference that they had not even touched on the issue.
The President of Turkey deliberately avoided answering a question about their differences, while Putin chose to emphasize them.
There is no clear consensus on where to find a common denominator with Syria.
But after months of open hostilities - and given the potential for total disaster when NATO member Turkey shot down the Russian fighter - it is certainly better that the two leaders at least talk to each other again.
Royal Bank of Scotland no longer available for customers outside Scotland
According to the bank's CEO, the RBS brand is to be reduced to a back office role only.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will no longer be available to customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was linked to the bank's global ambitions.
The bank has since distanced itself when it almost collapsed eight years ago and had to be rescued.
During this time, brand strategists have used "RBS" to protect other consumer financial brands.
She has supported international sport with millions of pounds of sponsorship, from Six Nations Rugby to Wimbledon winner Andy Murray.
But now she has decided to focus more on national brands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland will only be available to customers in Scotland, but will not be initialised.
In England and Wales, all RSB references, the decentralised headquarters and the stock exchange listing will be transferred to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for clients in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for retail banking that will gain more importance - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond and Holt's Military Bank.
McEwan was interviewed by customers and staff in Inverness-shire during a sightseeing tour.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RSB brand will become our investor brand as well as the brand under which our employees will work, as we become more of a bank of brands.
When the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became a global brand.
I say now that we are not pursuing global goals, but local goals.
Each of these brands will stand for something completely different in their own communities and our employees will work with customers under these brands.
RBS has already stated that it will no longer continue its Six Nations sponsorship and that it will increase the visibility of the different brands in its sports sponsorship.
"It is time for us to become the bank of brands, because how do we focus internally (we asked) on making this a better bank for customers," said the CEO.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we had said that we were going to be a great bank for our customers and launched these brands.
But with our work, the focus on customer needs and not our own, I think you will see many changes.
We can launch these brands again, so I think the time has come.
Frankie Dettori achieves his 3,000th profit at Newmarket on Predilection
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket that brings him 3,000th profit
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British win at Newmarket on Friday.
He set a milestone on Predilection, which is trained by John Gosden, on his local circuit with his second win of the night.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the milestone in flat racing.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddry and Willie Carson.
Three-time winner Dettori, who had previously won on Ghayyar, said, "It's something special."
I'm very emotional because my family is here too
I am very happy that it happened at Newmarket because I ended up here 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not Royal Ascot - it's a mundane Friday night with 20,000 people.
I am relieved and very humble.
Dettori takes up the cheers as he wins at Predilection
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in obstacle racing - jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time winner Sir Anthony McCoy, who achieved more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, the nine-time derby winner had 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern age and it is no surprise that he has reached this milestone that few have reached before him.
He has style and is strong, but it is his tactical intellect that sets him apart from the others in the weight control room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma has been inspiring fans for this sport for years.
I told Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom that he would have already won 6,000 winnings if he wasn't just a weekend and major tournament jockey!
Frankie has ridden winners in GB for almost 30 years, which is great.
He has a lively personality, which is good for a British race, but beyond that he is an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a typical Flying Dismount
From Flying Finishes to Flying Dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the figurehead of British flat racing for two decades.
It was nerve-wracking.
He won a number of major tournaments, including his famous "Glorious Seven" in Ascot in 1996, but he also survived a plane crash and was banned from drugs.
Three years ago he had some initial difficulties when he returned from his six-month suspension, but he showed impressive strength of character to defy his doubters and return to his best form.
And he is far from being finished - Dettori once said that he wants to continue in competitions until he is at least 50 years old.
Russia's Putin fires Chief of Staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
For many years Ivanov was part of Putin's closest circle of trust.
The 63-year-old was appointed Special Representative for Environmental and Transport Affairs.
In a statement by the Kremlin, it is stated that Putin without giving reasons "ordered the dismissal of Ivanov from his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration".
Anton Vaino, who had been Ivanov's deputy since 2012, was appointed as his successor.
Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the renowned Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and worked at the embassy in Tokyo.
On the Kremlin's website it says (in Russian) that he was later head of protocol and chief of staff of government personnel.
About his appointment he said to Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think that the most important task of the government is to support your work as head of state with regard to draft laws and controls to implement your instructions.
Putin told the Russian TV channel on Friday that Ivanov had asked to leave his post and recommended Vaino as his successor.
Are the smiling faces convincing?
This step has made Moscow shrouded in mystery.
Sergei Ivanov was for a long time one of Vladimir Putin's closest confidants and, like him, works for the Soviet secret service, the KGB.
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
At a meeting with President Putin, which was broadcast on television, both men claimed that the Chief of Staff resigned at his own request.
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced of this - especially now, just before the parliamentary elections.
So is this the result of some kind of power struggle?
Nobody knows that right now.
But the official claim - that a man who was once touted as a potential president suddenly wanted to lead Russian environmental policy - met with great scepticism.
In his remarks to Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Ivanov said "it is true that in early 2012 in an interview I asked you to entrust me this very complicated post - one could almost say - arduous post for four years.
As it turns out, I have been Chairman of the Russian Presidential Administration for four years and eight months.
Ivanov accepted the post in December 2011.
He was previously Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defence.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and, like Putin, a former member of the state security service KGB.
In the late 1990s, when Putin was chairman of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Ivanov was appointed his deputy.
When Putin came to power he named Ivanov as one of five people he trusted most.
It was once thought that Ivanov could become president of Russia after Putin's second term, as a third term of Putin would have been against the constitution.
But this post was taken by another close ally of Putin, Dmitry Medvedev.
Putin became Prime Minister before becoming President again three and a half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson fired after beating producers
Gibson was involved in a physical confrontation on the set of the series in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced in a joint statement his resignation.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, publicly apologized on Thursday before announcing his resignation.
On the set there were artistic differences and a difference of opinion.
I regret the incident," he said in a statement.
Details of how Gibson's character will be written out of the series, which follows a team of FBI agents, are expected to be released at a later date, according to the statement by ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios.
The 54-year-old, who previously starred in the sitcom Dharma & Greg, has been on the show since the series' first season in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have put all my heart and soul into it for the last 12 years," Gibson said in a statement released Friday.
I had hoped to be there until the end, but that will not be possible now.
I would just like to thank the writers, producers, actors, our wonderful crew and most of all the best fans one could wish for a series.
The planned broadcast of the twelfth season is scheduled for 28 September.
Riddle about fish that landed in garden in Banff
A resident of Banff requested help in identifying the fish, which turned up in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks that the 75 fish might be sand eels that were spat from a fountain.
Mr. Bain, who lives about 500 meters from the sea, published a video of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope that someone might shed some light on the appearance of the two inch long fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
The £1.35 billion project is due for completion by May 2017
Engineers have connected the north deck of the Queensferry Crossing to the viaduct - which means the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures of the "deck blowers", which are approaching completion around each of the three towers of the bridge.
The Fife bridge section is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tons of steel and 20,000 tons of concrete and 46 stay cables.
The £1.35 billion project is expected to be completed by May 2017.
Economics Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was one of the first to leave the country and go to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the construction of the Queensferry Crossing.
We are all witness to an engineering feat of truly epic proportions on this project, with over 30,000 tons of concrete and steel used in this part of the bridge alone.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge, finishing the closure between the viaduct and the bridge deck is a delicate operation that requires extremely precise tolerances for the fit.
In total, almost 79% of the total bridge decks are in place and the last section of the deck is being given a concrete cast for the deck at Rosyth today, which means that the whole deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, Project Manager of Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors said: "The first closure represents a significant milestone in any bridge project.
In this fantastic project, the closure represents forward-looking structural and civil engineering.
After installing the last section of the road deck and connecting it to the north tower deck, which is currently being extended, we then had to close the gap that still existed on the north or land side.
This was achieved by pulling the northern feeder bridge 700 millimetres south.
This was a massive and at the same time very delicate activity.
Massive, because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approx. 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up at a gradient of approx. 3 %.
It was tricky because the tolerances the team was working towards were tiny - only a few millimetres on each side.
Fortunately, everything went very well.
Rescue in Moelfre Bay: Three men are "lucky to be alive
Three men are "lucky to be alive" after being thrown from their fishing boat off Anglesey.
The Moelfre RNLI rescue station sounded the alarm at 13:20 BST on Friday after a crew observed the event in Moelfre Bay.
The three men found it difficult to swim to safety while their boat moved on under its own power.
"We saw the boat spinning around near them and imagined the worst," said Moelfre Vince Jones, head of the Moelfre rescue centre.
"Fortunately, the strong winds had already blown the boat out of their reach by the time we launched," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man was found exhausted at the age of 60 and hanging from a buoy without a life jacket.
They all came aboard the coastal rescue boat and were taken back to the rescue station
Mr. Jones said, "The three men who were thrown into the water are lucky to be unharmed and still alive.
The boat engine was equipped with an emergency stop line, but if the boat capsized, this line broke away from the person steering the boat.
Someone was watching over these men today.
Seriously injured - man stabbed his ex-girlfriend
A man attacked his ex-girlfriend in Hamburg-Harburg with a knife and seriously injured her.
According to the police yesterday, the 50-year-old had been given the key to the apartment to get his personal things.
Instead, the drunk offender cut up his ex-girlfriend's clothes.
When she came into the apartment, he stabbed her twice.
The 44-year-old was injured on the hand and body.
The police were able to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old destroyed the clothes of his ex-girlfriend, he called his mother.
The latter then alerted his sister.
Together with her partner, the 45-year-old wanted to reassure her brother.
But she could not get him to leave the apartment.
That's why she left home with her boyfriend.
In the street they met the man's ex-girlfriend.
When the two women entered the apartment again, the 50-year-old pushed his sister aside and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is building Braunschweig's cheap apartments?
The SPD and Greens think Investors are to be made much more responsible in the future.
How does one react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose almost 1300 cheap apartments in the next few years?
The SPD is proposing a "Housing Action Plan" at the next council meeting.
But conflict is programmed.
First and foremost, the question is: Who should actually build the affordable housing?
A regulation is still missing.
SPD faction leader Christoph Bratmann says: "We agree with the Greens: if you want to build on urban areas, you will have to designate 20 percent of all dwellings as social housing in future.
However, the low-cost dwellings can also be built in the existing stock.
However, according to Bratmann, the major point of contention in the town hall is: "How do you deal with investors who want to build on private land?
"We want investors to build at least 10 percent, but preferably 20 percent of the apartments on such sites as social housing".
A new urban housing promotion programme, which will cost millions and still needs to be financed, is to provide incentives.
The problem, according to Bratmann: "There is currently no agreement between the parliamentary groups."
The CDU wants to make as few regulations as possible for investors.
The Left Party still wants tougher conditions for investors.
Despite this, Bratmann said, the situation on the housing market is set to worsen.
If the action plan is implemented, this will result in additional tasks for the construction administration.
More personnel is needed.
It is unclear whether we will get the skilled workers.
But the programme is not yet complete: the approximately 1260 new apartments, which were to be built anyway.
But how do you compensate for the loss of a further 1300 or so low-cost flats whose subsidies will be phased out in the next few years?
By the year 2020 alone, there will be 500 apartments.
In order to prevent this, according to the spokeswoman for planning policy, Nicole Palm, expiring bonds should now be purchased by the city.
In addition, consideration should be given to bringing apartments back into the fixed price system.
This is possible in the West City.
The problem could be solved in one fell swoop.
This is because deadlines expire at the end of the year in the West City.
About 1800 apartments could be brought back into the price fixing for cheap apartments.
The only thing is that this is what the owners want, the housing associations do not.
If the number of social housing units in the western part of the city is drastically increased again, the goal of so-called "mixing" will be abandoned.
There should no longer be a concentration of socially disadvantaged people in just a few districts.
The Greens expect that there will still be movement in the discussion.
Faction leader Holger Herlitschke says: "For a broad majority, the CDU must be on board."
It had concentrated on more building sites for single-family houses.
But that does not mean that a compromise cannot be found after all.
Pokémon Go, a hunt for health and happiness that pays off
It is fascinating to watch the world change.
The fact that teenagers and children no longer go outside to play but prefer to spend their free time staring at screens has been complained about by many in the last decade.
Pokemon Go is all about getting people off the sofa and getting more active.
The time spent on the screen was initially limited to television, then to video games and finally to smartphones.
So it is great to see that technology and outdoor activities are not mutually exclusive.
I'm referring, of course, to the Pokémon Go craze, an app based on the characters that were first created for video games in the 1990s (which later evolved into an animated series, game cards and other spin-offs).
Like many phenomena of pop culture, interest dropped somewhat before the game was released in the USA, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The market launch in other countries was postponed due to massive demand, which overloaded the servers.
Within days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and almost as many as Twitter.
How does it work?
In short, players go outside with their smartphones and search for Pokémon that are tracked with a GPS and, once found, can be "photographed" (via a screenshot on the phone) or "captured".
A generation that played the game when they were younger joined the madness and jumped off the sofa to search.
In the USA, the game led to a considerable increase in the number of steps that the "average" person takes every day.
Cardiogram, an app for Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, recently told the Washington Post that within two days of the game's launch, the number of people tracked who exercise 30 minutes each day jumped from 45 percent to 53 percent.
The company doesn't know which of them play Pokémon Go - it only sees the raw data for performance improvement.
Many public health education campaigns that try to get people to "take 30 minutes", "get off the sofa" and "be active every day" have fallen on deaf ears because many public health messages are boring and come from people who look miserable.
Nevertheless, the importance of sport cannot be overestimated.
People who exercise regularly reduce their chances of developing cancer or depression.
Physical activity helps with weight control, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits that is too long to list here.
But the wonderful thing about Pokémon Go is that it gets people to do something outside that they enjoy.
This covers three pillars of health - exercise, fresh air and sunshine, and fun.
Some people even make new friends while hunting.
As always there are also grumpy spoilsports who always have to complain about something.
And yes, someone might walk into a door.
So what?
A breakthrough has occurred.
Even though smartphone apps like Fitbit have been able to track our activity before, they didn't give us a reason to do sports like this game does.
The new will lose its appeal and the use will diminish over time.
However, due to Pokemon's success, there will be more games that will combine apps and virtual reality with getting active in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr. Joe's blog at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles creates gold in ladies' gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all this.
Dynamic on the jumping horse.
Effortlessly on the beam.
Breathtaking on the floor.
Brilliant across the board.
And now finally also Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast climbed to the all-around title on Thursday and widened the gap between herself and the rest of the world in front of everyone under the spotlight of the Olympic Games.
Her overall score of 62.198 was clearly ahead of silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
The American Simone Biles will perform on the balance beam during the women's individual all-around final in artistic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles is the fourth heterosexual American to win an all-around title, and the fifth overall, while consolidating her reputation as the best of her generation or even of all.
She burst into tears when her final result was shown and her long journey came to an end in that moment.
This success puts them in the same league as unique athletes like Michael Phelps, who took their sports to new heights:
Biles has dominated her sport for the last three years, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold medals - with such amazing exercises that include a mixture of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton said of her that she was "the best gymnast I have ever seen.
A final test awaited them in Brazil, a competition that was not so much between Biles and the rest of the athletes, but rather between her and a load of oversized expectations.
Not returning to the family in Spring, Texas with a handful of gold would be considered a disappointment.
Americans Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman hug each other after winning gold and silver in the women's individual all-around final in artistic gymnastics at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday
Biles picked up the first medal on Tuesday, while serving as an exclamation mark at the farewell party for retiring team coordinator Martha Karolyi.
Although Biles insisted, during her long journey to the top, never to have planned the future, this is not really true.
Some of her floor exercises - which include her typical Tumbling Pass - are tuned to Latin American music that would fit in at home on the streets outside the Olympic arena in Rio.
That's no coincidence.
This girl, adopted by her grandparents as a young child and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a school trip to the gym where Boorman trained, became a force.
She has not lost a single all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that will last as long as Biles wants it to.
Even though Mustafina led slightly through two turns, the picture was deceptive.
Floating beams and floor gymnastics - in which Biles holds the world championship title - lurked.
She caught up again with 15.433 on the balance beam - and with a 15.933 on the ground she put another one on top of it.
Raisman gently embraced them as they awaited their final result - a mere formality - and tears streamed down Bile's shiny red, white and blue eyeliner as the vision she once described in her scrapbook became reality.
Raisman's performance was a revenge for the last time four years ago, when she fought for third place, but the bronze medal in a tiebrake went to Mustafina.
This time the 22-year-old team captain, who is called "Granny" by the Americans, had a head start.
After her floor exercise she threw kissing hands to the audience, overwhelmed by a comeback that sometimes seemed doubtful.
As for Biles, the rapidly spreading tweet from the 19-year-old earlier this week has a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial killer case shot in car while listening to music
According to police reports released Thursday, two women and a 12-year-old girl were shot dead while talking and listening to music in the car in one of the deadliest attacks in a decade in Phoenix's first serial killer case.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis daughter Maleah were shot dead on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
The perpetrator fired eight shots from a handgun while standing on the passenger side of the car and then fled in another vehicle, the report says.
Police said the triple murder does not appear to have been the result of a robbery, as the assailant did not take the purses or the $2,900 in the possession of any of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Jonathan Howard said the shooting prompted investigators to take a closer look at whether it was linked to four previous attacks.
In total, seven people were killed and two others injured in nine attacks in four months, mainly in Hispanic neighbourhoods.
"It happens in a residential area in front of a house," Howard told KHPO, a subsidiary of CBS, earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including a brown Nissan from the late 1990s, a black BMW from the late 1990s and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators refused to disclose the evidence that led them to conclude that the attacks are linked and were committed by the same murderer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized for her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis daughter Maleah died on the scene.
A witness told the police that it was not unusual for them to sit in a parked car and listen to music.
Authorities also released a police report about the shooting, which was aimed at an empty pickup truck half an hour before the triple murder and is believed to be the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found cartridge cases and secured a bullet from the seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of a 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It's getting better"
Like most 6-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and of course his mother.
But like few of his peers, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder that his mother Elizabeth Picciuto did not know about during her pregnancy.
When he first came home, my first thought was, I can't do this.
I can't do this.
I didn't go along with that.
Which is not true at all -- of course they got involved," she said.
Her husband Vincent and she were told that Edmund might never be able to recognize her and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors even went so far as to suggest institutionalising it.
"My first response was 'I didn't know people still did that,'" Picciuto explained.
Edmund can walk with the help of a walking frame.
Edmund could neither sit nor crawl until he was three years old and he still cannot speak.
But he's making slow progress.
He can walk and ride a bicycle with assistance.
He also loves to play and sing with his two brothers.
Elizabeth shows the sign language Edmund came up with for "Please sing me something."
"We're teaching him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not typical sign language -- she says. Edmund invented some characters on his own.
Microcephaly has a variety of causes: genetic as in Edmund's disease, as well as infections with viruses such as measles or the cicavirus during pregnancy.
The symptoms and prognosis can vary greatly.
It is still too early to say how it will affect the lives of those infected with the cicavirus.
Picciuto recalls the emotional cost of an uncertain future.
I kept asking, what's going to happen?
What will happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I haven't asked for the forecast for a long time because I don't expect anyone to be able to really tell me.
But Picciuto has some hopeful advice for mothers of babies with birth defects caused by the cicavirus.
It gets better.
You know it's gonna get better for you.
You will love your child and your child will love you.
Heavy rains, flooding gives rise to rescue operations in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rainfall and widespread flooding in Louisiana forced the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday. More rainfall is expected all Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeastern Louisiana and the south of the Mississippi flooded their banks and threatened to flood large areas after extreme rainfall, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards said that state officials are in constant contact with local authorities and assistance is already on its way to the affected communities.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said that requests for flood vehicles, boats and sandbags were increasing.
Steele said that the Tangipahoa community alone had requested ten thousand sandbags.
A flood warning system will be deployed over large parts of southern Louisiana until Saturday.
The weather service announced that an additional 3 to 5 inches of rain could fall in this area.
A flood early warning system was deployed in southern Alabama on Friday, while it continued to rain in the Mobile area.
The River Comite near Baton Rouge and the River Amite near Denham Springs, both located in Louisiana, will most likely reach record levels over the weekend.
Metereologist Alek Krautmann says both rivers could flood many homes in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that downstream flooding in Ascension Parish is a hazard because of the slow flow of the trodden rivers into Lake Maurepas.
The river Tickfaw, south of the Mississippi state border in Liverpool, Louisiana, reached its highest level ever recorded at 09:00 on Friday.
Rescue teams were still pulling people out of the floodwaters in Amite and Wilkinson Counties in southwestern Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued near Gloster on Friday.
Hansford, 62, says water from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet from his home, rose sharply overnight.
He said that another stepson who lives nearby warned him.
"We woke up and the water was flowing and flowing in," said Hansford.
It reached my waist.
His wife told Hansford that in the 48 years she lived there, she had never seen such a high rise of the river.
Hansford said that he and his family members all had disabilities and that he was the only one who could swim.
Hansford said emergency responders rescued all three in a large military truck and took them to the nearest fire station in Gloster, where they were housed until Friday.
Krautmann said that the flooding "spread quickly" as heavy rainfall continued and that the authorities were considering evacuation instructions.
According to Krautmann, an observer near Livingstone reported 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said that the soil was considerably soaked by the rainfall since Wednesday.
The authorities stated that heavy rains and road flooding caused residents to be rescued from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and classes to be cancelled in five school districts.
The CBS subsidiary WWL reported that an alderman in Tangipahoa reported 200 flooded houses.
The inhabitants were evacuated to two churches, which are now both flooded.
Community leader Robby Miller said the authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets washed up by the flood.
In the towns of Amite and Hammond, emergency shelters were set up to house the evacuees.
"As soon as the water starts to recede, they will be able to go back to their homes," he said.
In the town of Hammond in Tangipahoa municipality, nearly two dozen roads were closed due to the flood and sandbags were provided for residents to take away in the hope of keeping the water out of their homes and shops.
"The last major flood we had was in March," said Lacy Landrum of the city government.
This appears to be a similar incident.
In Mississipp, Harrison County Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said that it continued to rain on the Gulf Coast.
According to him, a handful of houses were reported as flooded on Thursday, but none were reported on Friday so far.
Keith Townson, manager at Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in places I've never seen it before," Townson said, "and it still comes."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets", survives shooting in Philadelphia
Police say the 6-year-old boy was shot in Philadelphia, the second time this week that a 6-year-old child has been shot.
The boy's grandparents identified him as Mahaj Brown for CBS Philadelphia.
The grandparents stated that Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in the loin, leg, arm and abdomen, but that he was conscious during his transport to the hospital.
"He's been through a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez told the station.
I just can't believe this.
The boy's condition was classified as critical in a hospital and he had to undergo several operations.
The boy's family informed the station that he is expected to recover.
He should have started first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was one of four people shot in Germantown.
Three men were also shot: two at the age of 29 and a 32-year-old.
One of the 29-year-old men is in critical condition; the other two victims are in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The boy was found shot in the front seat of a car together with the 29-year-old, who is in critical condition, the station reports.
The other two victims were not in the car and the police are investigating whether the perpetrator could be among one of the injured men.
Investigators told CBS Philadelphia that there appears to have been crossfire between several shooters.
Cartridge cases for assault rifles, which were traced to various assault rifles, littered the scene.
It seems that this was clearly an ongoing struggle.
On the street, on both sides of the sidewalk, there were shells.
It seems that there were several armed fighters who were very actively involved," Anthony Ginaldi, the Philadelphia police handler, told the station.
Several houses and vehicles were also hit in the area.
No arrests were made and police are reportedly reviewing the surveillance video.
On Tuesday, another 6-year-old girl was hit in the arm by a ricochet while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
She is recovering and the police are still looking for a suspect.
Which is why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
This is what I imagine the women's Olympic gymnastics team to be for more than one reason.
Firstly, I have been at every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
And secondly, this team has three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been an inspiration to many young girls of other skin colours.
The structure of this team, rounded off by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, makes everyone proud.
This team finally reflects the USA.
It has solidified the black and Hispanic female presence at the top of this sport.
In the last four years the number one female gymnast has been an African-American.
Last year Simone and Gabby were #1 and #2.
That shows strength.
At the last Olympic Games, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic winner and America cheered.
Now the world was able to witness the incredible performance of three-time world champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez as they delivered unexpected but masterful gymnastic routines.
On Thursday Simone became the fourth heterosexual American to win gold in an individual women's all-around event.
Team member Aly Raisman won silver.
We experience the top of this sport, but gymnastics classes all over the country do not look like that.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make it onto the Olympic team.
They are the "last five", because the next Olympic team will only have four gymnasts in the team. This is also the last year with Marta Karolyi as trainer.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport and gymnasts are primarily in private gymnastics clubs maintained by parents who pay for the training, set-up, travel, clothing, competition and hotel costs (for the coaches and their gymnasts and families). The list can be continued at will.
The majority of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburbs that can support the business.
In these clubs the gymnasts receive all their training and this is an expensive and long-term commitment for the families.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both trained their athletes since they started gymnastics.
We need to make gym training more affordable and accessible to the communities of the countless young girls inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics foundation of 20 years.
At my events, we provided free and affordable gymnastics in Harlem for over 15,000 urban youth (mostly black and Hispanic) and trained national and international winners.
In September, we will expand to Detroit (my hometown) to offer high quality gymnastics to the youth who deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body as well as hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination offers lifelong health, educational and professional benefits.
It is the inspiration of this team that makes thousands of young girls interested in gymnastics and that is great.
It is so important to participate in sports, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for this true representation of "Girl Power" by winning the Olympic team gold and thank you, motivate so many young girls from different backgrounds to begin their journey to become healthy, strong and successful young women.
Residents want to organize more strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by adopting a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 residents who voted in an election rejected it.
In July, Hunt revealed plans to forcefully introduce the contract, saying that the NHS was in "no man's land" and any further delay would be detrimental to staff and patients.
The first assistants are to receive a new contract, which includes changes to night and weekend work to improve care at inhospitable times.
Dr Ellen McCourt, Chair of the BMA's Residents Committee, said in a statement last night: "Residents still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, in particular that it will fuel the current staff crisis and fail to treat all doctors fairly.
With only eight weeks left before the first group of doctors are covered by the new treaty, progress must be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the disputes through talks met with reluctance on the part of the government to participate and sometimes with deafening silence.
This was the result of a promise Jeremy Hunt made only last month that his door would always be open.
"Jeremy Hunt must act now, lift the imposition and address the concerns of the residents".
Should he fail to do so, the assistants have made it clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
The last strike in late April postponed nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments, as nurses and specialists were called in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
The ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the amendments by adopting the reformed treaty with the officials of the British Medical Association.
The BMA wants a better weekend pay for the 54,000 assistant doctors who will be subject to the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, Director General of NHS staff, called on the residents to end the strike.
Mortimer said: "Industrial action achieves nothing of the little it achieves, but puts a strain on already overburdened teams and service providers, and causes only worry, distress and disruption to patients, carers and their families.
Over the past two months, we have spoken to the Residents' Committee and responded positively to concerns about guardianship and whistleblowing with the Ministry of Health and other ministries.
Employers hoped that the continued positive engagement on other important issues - such as secondment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, training kits, mutual recognition of the curriculum, training leave and the medical gender pay gap - was an indication of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about meeting the agreements with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2 per day drug that can reduce the risk of heart attack
Thousands of heart attack patients will benefit from a £2 per day drug after the authorities recommended that it be given to more people for a longer period of time.
The anticoagulant drug Ticagrelor reduces the risk of repeated heart attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is administered for as little as 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of stroke or another heart attack.
The NICE regulatory body of the NHS has recommended four years of use to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
The NICE regulatory body of the NHS has recommended four years of use to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
About 140,000 people suffer a heart attack every year and a quarter of them suffer another heart attack or stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by accumulations of fatty material in the artery walls that form plaques.
If the plaque breaks up, it can cause a blood clot that blocks the blood flow to the heart, causing a heart attack.
If the blood clot comes loose, it can flow through the bloodstream and block the blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already had a heart attack are at higher risk of having another one.
Ticagrelor, which is produced by the British company AstraZeneca and marketed under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making the formation of blood clots less likely.
NICE's draft guidance published today recommends a 12-month course of 90mg of Ticagrelor, followed by 60mg with twice daily aspirin for the next three years.
Professor Carole Longson, Director of the NICE Health Technology Evaluation Centre, said: "Despite the availability of secondary prevention, a quarter of all people who have had a heart attack have another heart attack or stroke - often with disastrous consequences".
The fear of another heart attack can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
Experience shows that Ticagrelor in combination with aspirin is effective in reducing further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
Through a preliminary recommendation from Ticagrelor, we are pleased to be able to extend available treatment options to thousands of people who can benefit from them.
Information on the efficacy and safety of Ticagrelor - especially the risk of bleeding - is limited to a period of up to three years. The draft guidance does not recommend treatment beyond this period.
Culture of political correctness allows electoral fraud to flourish in Muslim areas
Former Mayor of Tower Hamlets Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year on the basis of a government report on corruption
A culture of political correctness has led to widespread electoral fraud in Muslim communities being knowingly ignored, as a scathing government report revealed today.
Former cabinet member Sir Eric Pickles verbally attacks police, election observers and town halls for ignoring evidence of election abuse based on "ethnic and religious hypersensitivity".
The former Minister for Integration and Local Government, now an anti-corruption king, said that intimidation of voters for religious reasons is so bad that police should be allowed to set up barrier tapes outside polling booths to protect intimidated voters.
He recommends that voters should carry an identity card to prove their identity at elections.
At present, a voter only has to give his name and address.
The report proposes that non-removable ink should be applied to a person's finger when they cast their vote to prevent someone from voting twice.
Whistleblowers should be given more protection, Sir Eric says.
He demands that the press should have more access to community documents and decisions of unofficial committees or working groups.
"This not only serves to prevent electoral fraud, but also to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that accompanies it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets election scandal in East London.
Last year, a special election court ruled that incumbent Mayor Lutfur Rahman should be removed from office after a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found that Rahman had "cynically perverted the religious feelings of his Muslim community" and that he had silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman is said to have "run his campaign on the basis that it is the religious duty of Muslims to elect him.
Up to 300 votes were either dubious or the result of an imitation in which one person votes as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He was particularly alarmed by the fraudulent postal vote - where older members of the Muslim community put pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choice.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system, including the use of ID cards to prove identity
In his report, he says: "Evidence was provided that pressure was brought to bear on vulnerable members of some ethnic minorities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of their elders, especially communities with a Pakistani or Bangladeshi background.
"There was concern that... state institutions would have knowingly ignored such behaviour because of "politically correct" hypersensitivities regarding ethnicity and religion".
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including a ban on political activists processing postal voting documents to stop "election harvests".
The report being considered by Theresa May also calls for tougher registration checks to prevent the electoral roll from being used for immigration and social fraud purposes.
Consider options to ask voters for their ID before the election.
Use non-removable ink on a person's finger once they have cast their vote to prevent someone from voting twice.
carry out systematic checks on the nationality of persons to ensure that they are eligible to vote
A three-year limit on applications for automatic postal votes.
Ban on political activists handling complete postal votes and envelopes of postal votes.
Give the police the authority to set up barriers around voting stations.
A change in the law to facilitate intimidation charges under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
No photography in voting stations.
Requirement that only English may be used in the polling stations (with the exception of Wales)
Intensify training to ensure that staff enforce the rule that voters go into the polling booth alone.
Sir Eric falls over the Metropolitan Police and finds it "amazing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
"The Electoral Court has declared Lutfur Rahman and his deputy unfit to stand trial because of a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
He was found guilty on a number of grounds for sufficient - in accordance with the high standards in criminal proceedings.
He also criticises the ineffective "ticking off" controls of the election registration departments of the town halls.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a warning signal.
Our country bears a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, but the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and denials by some authorities threaten this good reputation.
Crazy about Kate's cycling lookalike and other famous lookalikes of Olympic athletes in Rio
Fans of the 2016 Rio Olympics are out of control this week over French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proved to be an impressive double of the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympic athlete is far from being the only gold-fighting athlete this summer who has his own famous double - at least not if we can believe the social media.
In honor of the Rio Olympics and all the famous faces that are currently flickering on our screens, FEMAIL has created a list of Olympians who bear more than a certain resemblance to Hollywood celebrities.
The hunter and the wolf: Team member of the US archery team Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since childhood
Apart from Kate's doppelganger at the cycling track, many people on the Internet pointed out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-Promi Leonardo DiCaprio.
The US archery team member Brady Ellison has caused a rush on Twitter after images showing him resembling the Wolf of Wall Street Star appeared.
In fact, the archer witnessed the madness in the social media and admitted that he has been told since childhood that he looks like Leo.
"I don't see much resemblance myself, except for facial hair," Brady told the Huffington Post.
"He's a good-looking guy, so I'll take that as a compliment."
One of the most popular comparisons since London 2012 will undoubtedly take centre stage this year even more: the striking resemblance between the British long jumper Greg Rutherford and the popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
The Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina with her big, expressive eyes should be able to pass as a double for the Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years.
One gear up: This user believes that Nathan is the "athletic version" of the Inception actor
Another ongoing comparison was made between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett, who has similarly heavy eyebrows and lips.
Russian silver medal swimmer Yulia Efimova has more than just tanned skin and blonde hair like actress Annalynne McCord, while American Nathan Adrian has been attested by fans to resemble an "athletic version of Joseph Gordon Levitt".
Strong women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have a similar face shape and eyes
Not the only one: A Twitter user was very happy that others noticed the similarities
theory into space: According to this user there may be a reason for the similarity of the couple
One Twitter user explained her satisfaction that "the rest of the Internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are almost identical.
In fact, US soccer star Hope Solo and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter have an incredibly similar face shape and eyes.
Other popular comparisons included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile, which is almost identical to that of actress Laura Linney, and the gold medalist in gymnastics Gabby Douglas, who has her own beautiful, broad smile similar to that of Bring It On Star Gabrielle Union.
CBC commentator for the Olympics apologizes for his statement that Chinese swimmer "died like a pig
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place in dr 4x200m freestyle swimming relay outraged viewers of CBC's live coverage of the Olomouc Games on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC had to apologise after one of its commentators said that the 14-year-old Chinese swimmer "went down like stink" and died like "a pig" during the race.
Commentator Byron MacDonalds thought his microphone was off when he gave his own opinion at the end of the 4x200m freestyle swimming relay.
MacDonald, who had been brought on board the CBS commentator team to add more "colour", could be heard to say: "This little 14-year-old Chinese girl has lost her touch, baby".
Too excited, went off like a stink, died like a pig.
Thanks for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second stage of the swimming relay 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Jerk, which allowed the Canadians to close the gap to China.
Viewers across Canada responded quickly online after being shocked by the sound and language
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, " Did the CBC commentator just say that the 14-year-old swimmer from China "died like a pig"???
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air."
Ai Yanhan from China was described at the final 4 x 200m freestyle swimming relay for women as follows: "This little 14-year-old Chinese girl has lost the connection, baby."
The criticism against Byron MacDonald on Twitter came fast and hard, with many people taking him to task
Twitter users did not hold back when they heard how insensitive Byron MacDonald was
Another Twitter user Sarah Paradis wrote: "Wow, #ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and you make us all look like racists. # Disgusted #
A short time later, Scott Russel, who hosted the CBC show, apologized live for MacDonald's commentary and said, "We apologize that the commentary was broadcast about a swimming performance.
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we are sorry it happened."
CBC ended up apologizing over 90 times to the people who responded to the Noted on Twitter
Commentator Scott Russel had to apologize on behalf of MacDonald
CBC copied and pasted its apology to more than 90 other Twitter users who had complained about MacDonald's comments
The network also apologized quickly and issued a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made and that it was made possible for them to be broadcast.
Last night we quickly apologized to our viewers on air and our followers in the social media.
To make one thing clear, Byron's comments referred to the swimmer's performance and not to her as a person.
Nevertheless, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of wording. Byron is very sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologised to the programme and tried to justify his remark by saying that it was not his intention that it should be interpreted as a personal attack.
"I would like to take a moment to apologise for the comment I made after the women's swim relay on the CBC Olympic broadcast, he said.
"I was referring to the swimmer's performance, not to her as a person."
Of course no disrespect was intended and I'm very sorry."
Buyer in Primark indignant about woman shamelessly trying on underwear in the middle of the store
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman took off her clothes in the middle of a Primark to try on underpants.
To make the situation worse, she checked how she looked in it, took it off and put it back on the shelf.
She continued to browse and tried on four pairs of underpants in a shop in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone.
The Primark store in the Bouverie Place shopping centre in Folkestone, where the woman tried on the panties before putting them back on the shelf
A mother of two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the store at the same time, said that after the mystery woman tried on the underwear, "she put it back on and left the store without buying anything.
She said, "People couldn't believe what they saw."
Standing in the middle of the sales area, she took a pair of underpants from the display, took off her own tights and pants and tried them on.
"She didn't even try to find a more discreet place to do it - she just stood there, bold as Oskar."
"Everyone stared as she took off her underpants, which obviously didn't please her because she put them back on the shelf."
She repeated the same thing with three more pairs of underpants before finally deciding that she didn't like anything, put her clothes back on and went out.
"She didn't seem to mind that someone was watching her - or thinking about the person who might buy the panties she was trying on."
Mrs. Davidson, 33, who lives in Kent, said, "How disgusting to think that someone would take home underpants that another person was wearing and which had not been washed.
The incident occurred on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added, "I understand the staff tried to take the clothes out of the sales department after she left - which is just as well.
"I would hate to go home with a new pair of underpants and find out another woman had them on and took them off again and they weren't washed."
A spokesman for Primark said, "Primark is aware of the incident that took place at our Folkstone branch on Tuesday, August 9th."
All eligible products were withdrawn from sale.
How to protect yourself from weapon attacks with Krav Maga
The world outside is a dangerous place, but this video from Dailymail.com might make it a little safer for you.
We talked to Rhon Mizrachi, a grandmaster of the Krav Maga Association in New York, to find out how to deal with armed robbers at close range.
No matter if you are approached from the front or from behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your robber.
If you are approached from behind, the first thing you should do is turn around so that you can see your attacker and "get out of the line of fire," says Mizrachi.
Then grasp the weapon between your forearm and shoulder before striking him in the face with your free elbow.
Then strike him in the groin with your knee and, while the attacker is writhing in pain, twist the weapon out of his hands. Hit him in the face with the barrel and move backwards while pointing the gun at him.
For attackers approaching from the front, the technique is similar - move your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it so that the attacker cannot shoot.
At the same time shift your weight on the gun and strike the attacker on the chest, then twist the gun out of his grip before moving backwards and pointing the gun at him.
Sounds difficult?
Watch the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But keep in mind that in case of a robbery it is safest to hand over your money - unless you are a Krav Maga Grandmaster.
Traveler Ian Wright scrapes his tongue in the dirtiest places in Europe for a travel guide
A British traveller subjected his immune system and gag reflex to a serious test - by licking some of the dirtiest and most disgusting places in Europe.
Moderator and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk scraped his trains on a euro note, a railing at Piccadilly Circus, a flush button on a train toilet and a public phone in Russia to prove the resilience of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself and us what he was going to get involved with.
But the experiment, which was filmed under the title "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", revealed some surprising results.
The thought of licking the flush button of a train toilet, which has been used by thousands of others, may be completely repulsive, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
During his trip through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and health professionals about the promotion of intestinal bacteria and his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he licked left more than a bad aftertaste in his mouth.
Mr. Wright became known for testing the resilience of his bowel by traveling the world and eating strange and wonderful things.
From public railings at train stations to flushing toilet knobs, the task definitely put his immune system to the test
In the film he said: "Even as a child I was relatively unconcerned about my health and I put all kinds of things in my mouth, earth, worms and muddy water."
In the film he certainly lived up to his reputation.
The only thing he turned down was a dirty public toilet in Russia.
His sample swab showed a luminometer count of over 4000 units.
In comparison, the luminometer number of freshly washed hands is less than 60.
But there was a Russian toilet, which he refused to lick after its luminometer reading was over 4000 units, while freshly washed hands have one of less than 60
Mr Wright and the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio produced the travel film "The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength", which shows the bacterial count in different places like the bathroom
In the movie he says, "That's close to the worst thing I've smelled in a toilet."
There's nothing dirtier than that!
I'm not gonna lick anything in here because it's gross in here.
"The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength" was produced in cooperation with the Finnish dairy products manufacturer Valio.
The company equips Mr. Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contains lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamins C and D to help promote intestinal bacteria and the immune system.
Valios Senior Venice President for Snacks, Juices and New Categories Niko Vuorenmaa says: "We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that is fascinating to look at while explaining the benefits of probiotics.
We had crazy brainstorms that ended with us saying, "Let's call Ian."
They claim that the interest in intestinal health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them in a larger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of gut health and how it is linked to the immune system.
The growing interest in intestinal health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary film we were able to provide consumers with more information about it in an interesting way.
I also think that the film shows that we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: "Let me put it this way - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I told him to lick, like the disgusting Russian toilet shown in the film."
Of course there were things where it was easier to get Ian to lick them and others where it was quite difficult.
I'm glad we got some of those dirty treats on film."
In a survey conducted by Valio in 2015, 84 percent of all respondents associated lactic acid bacteria in particular with the well-being of the stomach and intestines, and 58 percent said that they at least occasionally use products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
Antisocial family destroyed before eviction Social housing in Saltash, Cornwall
An anti-social family left their council flat after eviction with £50,000 damage because they had terrorised their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock were thrown off their estate in Saltash, Cornwall after a long list of complaints.
After they were forcibly removed from their property, shocked employees of the housing association found the property in an irreparable condition.
The walls had gaping holes, wooden planks were torn open, garbage was scattered on the floor and graffiti was smeared on the walls.
The family was resettled and it is assumed that she now lives in private accommodation
Donna McEvoy, who works for the property management company at Cornwall Housing, said she was worried that the flat would be beyond repair.
She said: "It was an absolute nightmare for the people here and I don't think people have to live that way.
There are many things to consider, as this property will probably be considered as a not so nice part of Cornwall.
The family is notorious and so is their reputation.
The couple had three sons who lived in the apartment in the meantime and police said the terror inflicted by the family included street fights with baseball bats, intimidation of residents, drug abuse, drug dealing and excessive shouting, fighting and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the lease, received an order for antisocial behaviour in June.
In some rooms of the house, which may be demolished, old rubbish was found
The wooden floorboards of the property where drugs were traded in the past were torn up
Neighbours testified that they saw them fighting in the street and that the police had to be called regularly
Cornwall Housing forcibly evicted her and her partner from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move out voluntarily.
The eviction was cheered by relieved neighbors who said their lives were made hell.
One testified, "They didn't care about anyone."
We lived next to them for 20 years and it was always bad.
The countless times we tell the police here are unbelievable.
"We couldn't sleep this morning."
We got up because it was so quiet here - we are not used to that!
Now that they're finally gone, it'll be nice.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Neighbourhood Enforcement Manager of Cornwall Housing, testified that the family failed to cooperate with local authorities.
The family lived in the house, to which the police were called at regular intervals, for 20 years
Garbage and old toys were thrown down on the overgrown side of the community hall
He added: "It is a disgrace that the tenant has failed to accept any responsibility for their behaviour and that of their family, as eviction is always the last step to consider Cornwall Housing.
This was a very difficult case because the behaviour was extreme and her actions must have been terrible for her neighbours to witness.
I appreciate all the work that my team, the Devon and Cornwall police and members of the community who bravely approached us and gave us the information, have done.
I hope that this development will bring comfort to some neighbours and send the message that anti-social behaviour will not be tolerated.
Fitzpatrick said that all three sons had lived in the house at different times, but that they were all over 20.
A dirty mattress left on the floor in one of the bedrooms of the house after eviction
Property management workers will now have to clear away piles of rubbish surrounding the house
In 2014 police raided the house and found over 70g of cannabis, as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a class B drug with intent to distribute.
She claimed that the money was for a gravestone of her son Lee Skeldon, who died in a car accident in 2013.
Having been without shelter, it is assumed that Tanya and her partner now live in private accommodation in Plymouth.
Many room walls of the house were smeared with graffiti.
The police say they'll evict tenants who don't follow the house rules
Angela Crow of Devon and Cornwall police said that the eviction was a clear warning to the other tenants who were not following the house rules.
"This goes to those who think they can behave without self-reproach and to those who have been harmed by such behaviour," she said.
Devon and Cornwall Police will never tolerate criminal and anti-social behaviour and will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Panicked tourists in Portugal after a low-flying military jet flies over beach
Sun worshippers in Aveiro, Portugal experienced the shock of their lives
A Portuguese P-3C Orion aircraft of the air force made an incredible nosedive
The Air Force indicated that it was on a training flight, but insisted that there was no security risk
This was the moment when frightened tourists start to panic after a low-flying jet crashes over a full beach.
Dramatic video footage showed the military plane flying almost within reach over the sun worshippers on the beach section in Aveiro in northern Portugal.
The holidaymakers jumped up when they understandably began to worry about the noise of the jet engines without first seeing what was coming through the clouds.
The incident occurred yesterday afternoon in Costa Nova, near Aveiro.
Daniel Fernandes, one of the many vacationers who posted videos about the dramatic Fly-By in social media, said: "It flew really low twice and there was a moment when it looked like it was going to crash.
Nuno Arroja added: "I was just surfing and it felt like the plane was falling on me."
Tourists on the beach of Aveiro were in panic when the plane came out of the darkness and flew incredibly low
The Portuguese Air Force stated today that the pilot of the P-3C Orion aircraft was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast, flying so low that this was the only way to detect them.
The spokesman said that the jet flew slightly lower than usual due to the poor visibility caused by nearby wildfires, but the air force insisted that safety was not at risk at any time.
Widespread fires destroyed parts of mainland Portugal this summer, killing four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese Air Force stated today that due to the conditions - heavy fog and smoke from the fire - the pilot had to fly so low that his visibility was limited
The aircraft was on a training flight where the pilot had to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca with concerns against Sevilla
Sevilla - FC Barcelona will fight on Sunday for the first step towards their first title win in the new football season.
The Catalans face FC Sevilla away in the duel for the Spanish Supercup, with the return match taking place three days later at Camp Nou.
The double winner will have to do without Neymar, who is competing with Brazil in the Olympic Football Tournament, in a test of strength against the defeated Cup finalist and reigning European League Champion, among others.
Goalie Marc-Andre ter Stegen is also missing.
The German suffered a ligament sprain in his knee during training, so the question of one for Barca is settled in favour of Claudio Bravo, at least for the time being.
The Chilean International and Ter Stegen have been competing for number one status in Barcelona for two years now.
Coach Luis Enrique has so far refrained from making a clear decision in this regard and has let Bravo in the league, but Ter Stegen in most other competitions.
Before the first compulsory match of the new season, the Spanish champions are in doubt about the fitness of the team, which was humiliated 4-0 in a Liverpool test match on Saturday.
Lionel Messi and Co. also did not really know how to convince in the 3:2 trial canter against Sampdoria on Wednesday.
Sevilla, on the other hand, will have to digest their 3-2 defeat after extra time in the European Supercup against Real Madrid, and are aiming for their second triumph at the "Supercopa de Espana".
Barcelona is the record winner in this competition with eleven successes so far.
Ma Long in its own league to table tennis gold
Rio de Janeiro - The Chinese Ma Long is the new Olympic table tennis champion.
The 27-year-old defeated his fellow countryman and "defending champion" Zhang Jike 4-0 (12.5.4.4) in a one-sided final in Rio de Janeiro on Thursday.
The world number one won the "Golden Grand Slam" with successes at the World Championships, World Cup, World Tour final tournament and the Olympics.
Bronze went to the Japanese Jun Mizutani.
As expected, the two Chinese made it to the final and made the title between themselves.
So it was clear that for the third time in a row a Chinese would win the individual title in the sign of the Five Rings.
The last non-Chinese on the top step of the Olympic podium was former SVS-NÖ legionary Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were left alone at the plate, they had no coaches with them between sets and during time-outs.
They had retreated to the grandstand and let their protégés loose on each other alone in a fair competition.
"All the matches so far I've played for my country."
"In the final, I play for me," Zhang had said logically.
After the game, gold and silver medalists posed with the China flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma only really had to fight with his 28-year-old opponent in the first set.
After that he set the tempo on the record and from then on he only let Zhang score 13 points in total.
Due to the superiority of Ma, the expected rousing match did not develop.
Nevertheless, enough breathtaking rallies were to be seen.
Mizutani won the game for bronze against the 40-year-old Vladimir Samsonov 4:1.
In his quarter-final against the German European champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, the Belarusian had suffered a rib injury, was then under medical treatment and "finally" had to make do with tin.
By the way, the Swedes Jan-Ove Waldner (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) were fourth at the Olympics in a similarly high table tennis age.
Donald Trump concedes ″gewaltige Probleme″ during the election campaign
The leadership of the US Republicans is plagued by massive concerns about losing their majority even in traditionally conservative states.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump now admitted weaknesses in his election campaign in the former Republican stronghold of Utah.
A rare moment when the normally cocky and confident multimillionaire expressed something like concerns, as correspondents reported.
After knocking out 16 rivals within his own Republican camp, doubts are now growing about his success in the battle for the White House.
"We have tremendous problems in Utah," Trump told evangelical Christians whom he asked for support in key states such as Ohio, Florida and Virginia.
Blamed for false reports about his candidacy, he resumed his well-known media scolding.
Republican strongholds wobble
Utah is usually a safe bank for the Republicans.
According to a June survey by SurveyUSA, Trump and his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, were on a par.
Other institutes see Trump ahead, but not at the distance that is usual for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also considered to be at risk.
In an interview on CNBC, Trump answered the question of how he was going to stop Clinton's advance: "Just the way I've done it so far.
And pushed afterwards: This will "either be successful, or I will have a very, very nice, long holiday".
He does nothing else but "tell the truth".
If in the end it was not enough for him for reasons of political correctness, that was fine, Trump continued.
Then I will return to a very good way of life.
According to press reports, the party is said to have threatened to cut funds to support his election campaign if he could not present better poll results.
Instead, he said, the Republican candidates for Congress should be given more support.
Olympics: Dreister fraud in doping test
The IOC intends to establish a disciplinary commission on the case.
Kenya's athletes are threatened with disaster after the second doping scandal at the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
After an attempted cheating during a doping control in the Olympic village, Kenya sent a coach home.
The International Olympic Committee announced that a disciplinary commission would be set up immediately to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official had announced that the former sprinter and current coach, John Anzrah, had given a urine sample in the Olympic village under the name of the 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich.
This had been reported to the Kenyan team management by the doping control officers.
The world federation IAAF has asked the IOC for information on the case in order to initiate its own investigations, an IAAF spokesperson said.
"Depending on the results of the investigation and the subsequent action taken by the IOC, the IAAF will carry out an evaluation," an IAAF statement said.
"He (Anzrah) went to the doping control station and pretended to be Ferguson Rotich, handed in the sample and signed it", explained Kenya's Chief de Mission Stephan Arap Soi.
He was in possession of the accreditation of the athlete who was on the World Anti-Doping Agency's Out-of-Competition Testing list.
Ferguson Rotich had finished fourth in the 2015 World Cup in Beijing in the 800 metres.
Four days earlier, Kenyan athletics delegation leader Michael Rotich had been withdrawn from the Rio Games.
He is said to have informed athletes of his country about upcoming doping tests against payment of money.
According to media reports, he was arrested at Nairobi airport on his return.
Kenya has been under special observation at the IOC for some time now after numerous doping offences.
When the more than 2000 doping target tests imposed by the IOC were announced before the Rio Games, it was unusually pointed out beforehand that athletes from Kenya and Russia in particular would be targeted.
The World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country before the summer games in Brazil to create an anti-doping law and a functioning control system.
The law was passed a few weeks before the start of the Olympics.
As a result, WADA removed Kenya from the list of countries whose anti-doping rules are in conformity with WADA rules.
Kenya is considered a great runner nation.
The country's athletes won the most medals at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing.
In a series of television reports on ARD, accusations were repeatedly made that doping substances are easily accessible in Kenya and that there is a considerable mentality of sports fraud.
IOC member Richard Pound recently called for a similar investigation in Kenya as he had done in Russian athletics.
It could be proven that doping in this type of sport was systematically and comprehensively used.
Russia's athletes were subsequently excluded from the Summer Games.
Salzburg "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In Shakespeare Year, the Salzburg Festival presents the "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as a tragic lovers, similar to Romeo and Juliet.
With them was a surprising Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical conquers Salzburg: the "West Side Story", Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece.
The artistic director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical to the temple of classical music and fulfilled a childhood dream with the role of Mary.
In the orchestra pit the Simón Bolívar Orchestra under the direction of the Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he enthuses.
We always say that it is very Latin American.
There are many Latin American ingredients in their pace and melody.
It is a wonderful mixture, the perfect recipe for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this production Bartoli plays an elderly Maria.
She remembers with melancholy her love affair with Tony, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
Firstly because she is musically extraordinary!
And then there's Mary's personality.
She says it in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright".
So she is smart, naive of course, and very passionate.
"She is very similar to me, to the Italian character I have as a Roman," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
It's such an honor to work with her.
She's a tremendously generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an extraordinary artist and very passionate!
Conducting is a necessity for him.
You see it in every one of his movements, in his looks, it is his life!
It is such a huge chance to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a rather southern temperament, a fire, a passion and also a cheerful approach to life, that is very important at all!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley's "West Side Story" is very topical: "This play is about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we have the refugees, back then the Puerto Ricans went to New York and the New Yorkers didn't want them.
They are the same topics, and they are as meaningful today as they were then.
59 years later the piece is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined the IS was killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join the IS, reportedly died in Syria.
Lawyer Tasnime Akunjee said that her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
It was suspected that she was killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the group's bulwark in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died shortly after she planned to leave the war-torn country and return to England.
"One can only hope that the only good thing is - as a reminder and warning to others that these are the risks involved in going to a war zone - to stop people from ever making that decision," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other school girls from East London boarded a plane to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told that she had married an ISIS fighter in Syria - and within a few months became a widow.
Reid says Clinton will remain as Supreme Court nominee if Garland wins the election
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats in the Senate, is convinced that the Democratic presidential candidate, Hillary Clinton, will nominate Judge Merrick Garland for the Supreme Court.
Republicans in the Senate have blocked Garland's confirmation since his nomination by Barack Obama in March.
The majority leader in the Senate, Mitch McConnell, believes that the next president will appoint the successor to the late Supreme Court judge Antonin Scalia.
Reid said Thursday during a conference call that he expects Clinton to select Garland "with some degree of certainty".
A spokeswoman for Reid said later that he had not yet spoken to Clinton about whether she would nominate Garland and he was speculating.
He praised Garland and said that Clinton's team would not cause unrest with a new candidate.
Garland is the Chief Justice for the US Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.
Raid said Republicans who blocked Garland's nomination were lackeys and aides to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He also stated that Donald Trump was unfit for the presidency.
Treats wants nude calendar for "Women and for Men"
Treats magazine is collaborating with photographer David Bellemere to bring out a 1970s Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people they want to find the next generation of top models for their NU Muses calendar for 2017.
The editor-in-chief of Treats Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nudie magazine differed from oldschool Playboys because "Playboy is for men".
I do it for women.
Apparently, he thinks the calendar does too.
"We need to return to the depiction of timeless and classic nudity, where both women and men feel comfortable and are inspired by these images of a female body," Shaw said in a press release on the release of the calendar.
Women will want to participate in this project because it is a beautiful work of art.
Models can submit their pictures online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community expects mass exodus
"Those who do not adapt and praise Erdogan are sitting on packed suitcases," says Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-related Dialogue and World Foundation.
The Kurdish community in Germany expects tens of thousands of refugees fleeing from Turkey to Germany in the short term.
In the medium term it could even be "a few hundred thousand", believes the association's chairman Ali Toprak.
Because of the harsh actions of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the attempted coup, the Kurdish community in Germany expects a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term, I expect tens of thousands, in the medium term several hundred thousand people from Turkey to seek protection in Germany if the Erdogan regime continues to fight the minorities and the democratic opposition," the association's chairman Ali Toprak told "Die Welt" on Friday.
Because the government has already months ago covered Kurdish strongholds with punitive actions, 500,000 Kurds are on the run within Turkey.
After the thwarted coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks would be added.
Many will want to make a fresh start in Europe if they continue to be oppressed in Turkey.
"It cannot be that a state that takes in refugees itself produces refugees in its own country," Toprak said.
The head of the association deplored the targeted settlement of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish, but also in Alevi cities.
Erdogan wanted to increase the pressure on the remaining Kurds to leave the country.
"They are the last large minority in Turkey, the Christian Armenians and Greeks have already been exterminated or driven out in the last hundred years", said Toprak, who is also a member of the CDU.
The head of the association demanded that the federal government "position itself as sharply as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters".
A "witch hunt" against Erdogan critics was also taking place in Germany.
For the first time in the last few months I no longer feel safe in Germany.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears the flight of many Turks abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and opposition members.
Branding them as Gülen followers destroys the professional existence of teachers and other academics.
"Those who don't adapt and praise Erdogan are sitting on packed suitcases, by the way, also the Kemalists and secularists," Ercan Karakoyun, chairman of the Gülen-related foundation Dialogue and Education, told the "Welt".
The newspaper reports, citing figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, that even before the coup the Turks constituted the largest group of those entitled to political asylum in Germany who had been recognised for political persecution.
As of 30 June, 11,386 people, i.e. almost 29 per cent of all persons recognised as entitled to asylum (39,625), had been granted asylum.
This survey does not include those who fled war, poverty or lack of prospects.
According to the Basic Law, only those who are individually persecuted politically, i.e. by the state, are entitled to asylum.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: The locals don't hear anything about the summer election campaign - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to vote for the state parliament.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern they understood.
In 2021, the state elections will not take place again directly at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin parliament decided at the beginning of the year.
Because it doesn't get any stupider than it has been so far: summer holidays, heat and state election campaign - that's all biting.
The locals, who are to be convinced by the election campaigners, are on holiday.
The vast majority of holidaymakers who are in the country, travelling to Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals and are therefore not allowed to vote for the Landtag.
There are also practical problems: During the holidays, helpers who hang up posters, inflate balloons, hand out flyers and count votes at the end are hard to find.
Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania will have to endure another election campaign until September 4, 2016, the election day and last day of the holidays, when it will have to pass the people by.
The hot phase, if one can even say so, has just begun.
And it is also about something: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of an SPD/CDU coalition, has to fear for his office.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU in polls.
It will be exciting to see how strongly newcomers to AfD perform and what will remain in the end that is suitable for a coalition.
Sellering, 66 years old and head of government since 2008, is conducting an almost inconspicuous election campaign, except for his big posters.
He travels around the country, handing out roses and chatting a little with the people, just like his legendary taciturn predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Otherwise Seelering has got cold feet and blames Chancellor Merkel for the flourishing of the AfD.
Their refugee policy, their "We can do it" has accelerated the rise of the right-wing populists, which will probably cost him his fine office now.
The CDU with its top candidate, the Minister of the Interior Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what it is like to campaign at the wrong time in the right place.
She has twice invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to major rallies; Merkel's Bundestag constituency is in the northeast.
But the target group was not right, there were more North Rhine-Westphalians, Berliners and Saxons than Mecklenburgers and Western Pomerania.
"There was probably a majority from other federal states," Vincent Kokert, Secretary General of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, recently complained on NDR radio.
But it wouldn't hurt anyone from other corners of Germany to listen to Angela Merkel for once.
Otherwise, the Northeast CDU largely dispenses with the usual campaign stalls in marketplaces and in front of shopping centres with parasols and balloons.
That, according to Kokert, only plays a "subordinate role".
The Union has also noticed that its base is crumbling away in the countryside, that it has to make a great effort to get in touch with the people again.
She is like the left, the SPD, the Greens: hardly present in the vastness of the country.
The advice given by CDU campaigner Kokert to his comrades-in-arms, however, is also self-explanatory: "You must go where it hurts, namely where the people are: Village festivals, golden weddings, every birthday party must be used".
Because the stakes are high, Sellering has now called on his SPD to conduct a particularly committed election campaign.
In recent surveys, the Social Democrats, with 22 percent, were behind partner CDU (25) and only just ahead of AfD (19).
In the 2011 election, the SPD still clearly won with 35.6 percent, ahead of the CDU (22).
The Greens, a small party with seven percent in the polls, are likely to make the leap into the state parliament.
They are making a modern virtue out of the holiday shortage and are shifting most of their election campaign to the Internet.
"Online election campaign", the state chairwoman Claudia Müller calls it.
Otherwise, green campaigners are looking for traces of local voters among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, the top candidate, is currently cruising through the Mecklenburg lakes in a houseboat and thinks it's beautiful.
Her impression: "Elective leave in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern is not a punishment".
B27 renovation: Restaurants suffer from closure
There is nothing to complain about the speed with which the B 27 is being rehabilitated.
There is universal praise for those responsible for the construction work, which begins at 5.30 a.m. and does not end until around 8 p.m.
"They did everything pretty snappy," says Elvira Tetzlaff from the jet fuel station.
This is a super team.
There is also no delay.
At the beginning of the week the construction site could be moved south at half time according to plan, everything should be ready by the end of October.
The obligingness of those responsible for the construction work, for example when it comes to setting up temporary entrances, is also praised.
Since the construction site moved south on Monday and the closure of the Aspergstraße in Ofterdingen was lifted and the connection to Rottenburg was re-established, the traffic situation within the town has eased.
The citizens can now use the B 27 from Ofterdingen on both sides again.
The diversionary traffic through the village seems to be decreasing.
"There were sometimes considerable complaints," says Florian King, the deputy head of the main office responsible for the traffic management of the rehabilitation.
The residents of Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to struggle with more traffic noise, because many people were looking for hidden paths and trusted their navigation system rather than the signs.
Which led to many a truck getting stuck in residential areas.
Since the speed limits were also not adhered to, the community increasingly requested the measuring vehicle from Mössingen.
"There have been significant overshoots," says King, who himself went to the site to check the situation.
There have been two or three flashes a minute.
The fastest was 77 kilometers per hour in the 30 km/h zone.
But since the construction site has moved on, things have become quieter.
For the business people on the B 27 it is only a small consolation that the road is now open again for customers from Rottenburg.
Business people do not like to be seen in the cards.
But anyone who is asked can see that the B 27 refurbishment has led to a drop in sales for them.
However, some are more and some less affected.
For those who have less to do with the "end customer", i.e. who produce for other companies, the restructuring has hardly any consequences.
At Autohaus Maier, too, Thomas Sulz speaks of a "slight decline at most", but also admits that of course "the walk-in customers are missing".
The restaurants along the road are the most troubled.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse, formerly Krone, finds clear words.
This is already threatening my very existence.
Not only him, but all restaurants had been "hit hard".
The customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil were missing.
We have to be happy about every Euro turnover.
He puts the drop in sales at "well over 50 percent".
The road rehabilitation had "set his business back by two years".
He had had to dismiss half of his employees.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and half of them were laid off, the policy would have reacted differently.
Instead, District President Jörg Schmidt responded to a question from Göhner as to whether there could be financial compensation by pointing out that the restaurant would otherwise profit from the advantages of its location on the B 27, and now it would also have to bear the disadvantages resulting from the renovation.
Göhner knows from other districts where such things were handled more generously.
Despite all the complaints, Göhner is certain that his restaurant will continue to exist.
After all, the family business has been based here since 1715, he points to the long history.
He can understand why other regular guests now visit less frequently due to the complicated traffic routing.
If you can't drive here, it's fine somewhere else.
Göhner has no doubt that his regular clientele will return after the end of the renovation work.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner considers the impact of the B 27 construction work on his clientele to be the biggest crisis his restaurant has experienced in its long history.
Six months of construction, that's brutal.
Laws are constantly being tightened in the name of the fight against terrorism.
Following the recent attacks, Interior Minister de Maizière is now presenting a thick security package.
But what does a toleration status have to do with terror?
And what does the coalition partner say about all this?
Thomas de Maizière gives the conciliator.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" for the coalition partner, the Federal Minister of the Interior said when presenting his new security package.
You're not overtaxing anyone.
Other, more far-reaching points would first be discussed within the parties.
I'm involved in that too.
As Minister of the Interior, however, he is interested in results and in a "reachable consensus" within the coalition.
Following the recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, De Maizière allowed some time to pass before presenting his conclusions for security in the Republic.
However, these are now all the more extensive.
Some things are already known, announced, targeted: The fact that a new security authority should take care of cracking encrypted communication is not new.
Nor does the fact that Germany has to implement several EU requirements on passenger data and weapons law.
The call for more video surveillance and personnel for the security authorities is also not surprising.
In some cases, de Maizière is launching a second attempt at proposals that could not be made with the SPD before: He wants to criminalize sympathy advertising for terrorist groups and to make jihadists with dual citizenship lose their German passports.
"These will be difficult points for the SPD," the CDU man admits.
Nevertheless, he considers this to be reasonable and does not demand anything that has no chance with the coalition partner anyway.
De Maizière also presents a few new ideas.
Some of them are very tough: he plans fast-track deportation procedures and more opportunities to detain people before deportation.
Refugees who are deliberately brought into the country should have their smartphones checked beforehand and social media accounts opened for a security check.
In the case of toleration for rejected asylum seekers, he wants to put some people in an even worse position than before - for example those who commit crimes or deliberately throw away their papers in order to conceal their identity.
Some of it is politically and legally sensitive.
Some things still seem half-baked and leave questions open.
And on some points - the unequal treatment of tolerated persons, for example - the question arises: What does this actually have to do with security and terror?
Yes, says de Maizière, it is important to differentiate between the issues of refugees and terror.
But it cannot be denied that the assassins of Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people were worried about security in view of the high number of refugees.
And things that deeply preoccupied people could not be ignored even during election campaigns.
Internal security has become a major focus.
First the attacks in the neighbourhood: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
The uncertainty is great.
And yes, there are election campaigns coming up.
The CDU/CSU and SPD are therefore increasingly taking a stand on the issue of internal security.
In the past few days, the two parties have been in high spirits.
First a nasty dispute over the equipment of the federal police force, then a collection of security policy ideas of some Union interior ministers, in which the department heads also demand a burqa ban and a renunciation of dual citizenship.
De Maizière also strives for conciliatory tones here.
He doesn't think much of turning away from the one-two.
We have pacified the discussion in Germany.
He says it doesn't make sense to reopen them.
And he has constitutional reservations about a burqa ban.
It remains to be seen whether his own package is constitutionally sound at all corners and whether it is really "reasonable" for the coalition partner.
There's some stuff in there that could cause a fight.
But the SPD is also currently trying to make its mark on the issue of internal security.
Party leader Sigmar Gabriel first cautiously signals his willingness to talk and says: "The SPD is prepared to talk about anything that will help to further increase security".
Volkswagen is still getting off lightly.
Despite the diesel scandal, delivery figures are rising worldwide.
But things are not going well in all markets.
The recall campaign is causing a stir.
Volkswagen's start to the second half of the year was more restrained in terms of deliveries.
Despite the diesel affair, Europe's largest carmaker has been able to continue its growth so far this year thanks to its many brands and a number of markets that are doing well.
However, in July, the core brand VW weakened, especially in Western Europe, and thus again weighed on overall sales, as the Dax-listed company announced.
Worldwide, the VW brand sold 449100 cars in July, 1.8 percent fewer than in the same month last year.
In Western Europe alone, the second most important market after China, sales were 14 percent below the same month last year.
Deliveries in the German domestic market fell by almost a sixth.
Brand Sales Director Jürgen Stackmann attributed the weaker figures from July primarily to two fewer sales days in Europe.
In addition, there had been a reluctance to buy in some core markets due to "changed economic conditions".
In addition to the situation surrounding the attempted coup in Turkey, the British vote to leave the EU was also a burden, a spokeswoman explained.
In the USA, where the exhaust gas affair first escalated, there is also still a minus.
The Chinese market is a great support for VW.
All in all, Lower Saxony's own brand, which was mainly affected by the diesel scandal, continues to get off lightly anyway: after the first seven months, there is only a drop in deliveries of 0.9 percent to 3.37 million vehicles.
Group Sales Director Fred Kappler was able to show a further increase in sales from January to July.
Volkswagen delivered 1.3 percent more vehicles during this period, 5.904 million worldwide.
Volkswagen had manipulated exhaust gas tests with software.
In Germany alone, VW is calling around 2.5 million cars into the workshops for conversion.
In the course of the conversion, VW confirmed that the conversion of the cars will not have any negative effects.
After the conversion of the vehicles there was no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance.
The car manufacturer issues a certificate to customers after the conversion that is "equal to the guarantee", but does not speak of a "guarantee", as was said in company circles on Friday.
The reason for this is legal subtleties.
The "Focus" had reported that Volkswagen was now granting its German customers a guarantee for converted diesel models after all.
This was confirmed last Monday by VW representatives in the Federal Ministry of Transport.
The Ministry of Transport has confirmed that this meeting took place.
"VW has to fulfill the conditions of my commission of inquiry and the KBA in full."
"Deviations from this will not be accepted," said Federal Transport Minister Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) according to the ministry.
VW has given a guarantee that there will be no deterioration in fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or engine performance after the conversion and that all vehicle values relevant to type approval will remain unchanged.
However, Volkswagen itself does not use the term 'guarantee' as it was known in business circles.
Volkswagen sees the broad term "warranty" as an opportunity for customers to come to a workshop six months after the conversion, for example, with an engine defect - and to attribute this to the new software, even if the damage has nothing to do with it.
It was also in the interest of the customer to avoid, as was said, uncertainty about possible warranty arrangements in the event of any other damage that had nothing to do with the exhaust gas scandal.
VW therefore does not use the term 'guarantee'.
Raiffeisenbank Gmund am Tegernsee will be the second bank in Germany to charge penalty interest to rich savers.
Bank boss Josef Paul said on Thursday: "It's only about 139 customers who park 40 million euros in current or call money accounts".
The Federal Association of German Banks speaks of an isolated case and does not see this as a signal: normal savers would "not have to fear paying penalty interest on their savings".
If banks store money overnight at the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay it 0.4 percent penalty interest.
Raiffeisenbank Gmund will demand this fee back from private and corporate customers from September onwards for deposits of over 100,000 euros on current or overnight deposit accounts.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"The next 100,000 will cost 400 euros a year in future," said Paul.
For some time now, he has been guarding 40 million euros that can be withdrawn from one day to the next and which he cannot use.
"They are in my central bank account and cause 0.4 percent costs," said the bank manager.
"I can't lay down 4000 euros for every million."
He now passes on the costs in accordance with the polluter-pays principle.
Simply leaving the cash in the vaults of Raiffeisenbank would be far too dangerous: "I've already experienced four robberies, I don't want the fifth one," said the bank's board member.
Most customers would understand and switch to other forms of investment.
Only a few migrated to other banks.
The Association of Cooperatives in Bavaria stated: "The extreme monetary policy course of the ECB causes considerable costs for all banks".
It is 'not economically feasible in the long term' to bear them alone.
Some German banks have therefore increased their fees for account management, credit cards or bank transfers.
With penalty interest on deposits of three million euros or more, Thüringer Volks- und Raiffeisenbank Altenburger Land and its Skatbank branch made the headlines in 2014.
Michael Kemmer, General Manager of the German Banking Association, said: "We do not expect private customers to have to pay fees for deposits nationwide; competition among banks and savings banks in Germany is far too strong for that".
A banker said that at Tegernsee there is "a clientele that is a little more lavishly endowed with wealth".
"This can be a problem for a small bank" if they keep money for free.
The cooperative bank Gmund, founded in 1911, has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
Well-known actors, sportsmen and entrepreneurs live in the region.
The Association of Cooperatives in Bavaria "is currently not aware of any other banks that charge reimbursement of expenses for retail customer deposits", said spokesman Ernst.
The President of the Federal Association of German Volksbanks and Raiffeisenbanks (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, had declared at the end of June: "The threshold to go into the negative vis-à-vis private customers is very, very high".
The competition is fierce and there is a threat of investors migrating to the competition.
Customers in Germany will not put up with this on a broad scale.
Destination records: who actually buys records?
Middle-aged lonely men love records.
Before you rush to the commentary section to litter it with harsh insults under the pseudonym Not AllSomeMenMiddleAged, this statement is derived from current data.
According to YouGov, the much-discussed resurgence of records is not due to a boom in millennials who want to welcome the novelty of physical objects, but to midlife nostalgia.
Those who have recently bought a record are most likely between the ages of 45 and 54.
In fact, the age group of 18-24 is the most unlikely buyer group.
It is also not a hordes through hobby collectors - it has an emotional meaning: older record buyers tend to keep their feelings to themselves (56% vs. 53%) and enjoy spending time alone (69% vs. 66%).
But are the results of YouGov correct?
If this blog were a news report on television, the camera would follow me as I walk down the middle of a busy Soho street, wearing a modest grey suit and gesticulating wildly before I stop, hold my hands and say something decisive like: "Well, let's take a closer look.
So, let's take a look.
Even though the heart of Soho is slowly losing its charm - hotels, restaurants and offices now fill the buildings where independent sellers once resided - there are still a handful of fantastic specialty record stores.
I would probably ask the cameraman to switch off the camera for the next part, where I stand in close proximity to various men in such shops and try to estimate their age and mood by observation.
Stuart from Glasgow, 55, whom I follow from Sister Ray (data count: two young women, three middle-aged men) to Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably around 20), is in London for a day for a meeting and goes through the shops to fill the few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I guess so," he says.
I got about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These records, shown above (he sent me the snapshot by e-mail, I didn't follow him home), line the walls of his living room.
The reason why he owns such a considerable number of albums and singles is the result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy records that he couldn't afford when they came out and again buy items that he sold when he was young and broke.
"Many of the things I buy are from the late 60s, early 70s, which came out when I was 11 or 12. Things that I was probably a little too young to buy," he says.
He agrees that those who buy records tend to be introverted and like to spend time alone, and adds: "I don't smoke and I don't drink very much.
That's my truck.
Wez, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many customers he meets apply to the YouGov profile.
But he has also noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media hype, people who have heard about the comeback and feel compelled to buy their old records again.
From the conversations I have had, people have usually got rid of their collection around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their records to buy CDs now sell their CDs to buy their records again," he says.
This would explain the boom in fans of the record revival of a certain age.
But what about the supposed emotional significance of records?
It only takes a few seconds in a store like Phonica to realize that record stores offer a reassuring community of like-minded people.
According to Wez, some of the older customers took offence at the contactless payment system.
Some record fans feel overwhelmed by the digital world and want to retreat to the stability of familiar record sleeves, of objects that evoke happy childhood memories.
"I think sometimes filling a void or owning material possessions can be a kind of comfort," says Wez.
This is the case with me as a collector and I think that it is the case with many people.
It's an easy way to keep yourself mentally occupied.
"We're like their social workers!" one employee whistles from a stack of records.
An ICM survey in April revealed that almost 50% of people who bought a record last month had not listened to it.
The survey also found that 41% of those who buy a record never use a turntable, while 7% of those who buy a record never own a turntable.
At this point in the news report, I would probably look very concerned as I flip through a stack of Bossa Nova compilations.
Jonny, 42, who works at Sounds of the Universe (data count: three middle-aged men), has noticed a "trophy aspect" of the revival.
"Someone came in here recently and said, 'I don't own a record player, but I'd like to buy a Radiohead record so I can put it on the shelf,'" he says.
This is not a big percentage, but it definitely happens.
More product-heavy, less music-heavy.
We got people saying, "I don't have a record player."
These are younger people, not older people who are just starting to get in.
Fopp, who has dedicated almost an entire floor to the records, has a more colourful audience when I go in.
There are couples around 70, tourists taking pictures, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
Even though the atmosphere is a bit less relaxed than in the above mentioned stores - Wild Beast's latest synthesizer and sexy pop instead of experimental jazz booms out of the speakers - it's good to see such diversity among the customers.
None of them look particularly lonely, but gnawing psychological traumas are hard to detect when you stand next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been walking around the store for a few minutes now, looking at the variety of records for sale.
She's more likely to go window-shopping than bulk buying.
She doesn't earn much, so collecting records is not really an option, she says.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to listen to music from a computer or in any other way, but the beauty of records is..." she drifts off with an amorous sigh.
I don't know how to explain it - it is truly unique.
My last stop is a store that is said to have inspired a new generation of record lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While I appear to be patterning the jeans hot pants, I watch a group of young teenage girls grouping around Polaroid cameras for a moment before a father and his daughter consider buying a Crosley turntable.
To the left is a staircase, a wall full of records by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mixture of contemporary music and classics, the essential records for an average collection.
Nobody looks at them - perhaps because they are purely decorative, some of them so high up that it is impossible to touch them.
It's pure "record art".
But considering that every attraction for these items could mean more money for the industry and send some customers into the depths of Soho for more, there is nothing to complain about.
It is no surprise that a population group that has more time and money than others is also the one that spends the most on luxury items such as records.
Even though my research showed that the results of YouGov are correct, they do not take into account, at least in record stores in Soho, the large number of female collectors and record lovers that exist in reality, record stores and online forums.
These people probably work hard at school or in offices.
They certainly don't spend their Thursday mornings strolling through record stores on Berwick Street and leafing through records while avoiding the staring gaze of a creepy, 30-year-old fake presenter towering over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
The Greenland shark is the longest living vertebrate - Video report
Scientists say that the Greenland shark has the longest life span of all vertebrates on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who studies sharks, says that the record was set by a female, who is believed to be between 272 and 512 years old and five metres long
French court rejects offer to demolish shops in jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected an offer by the authorities in Calais to tear down dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Calais jungle, where thousands of refugees live.
At a court hearing this week, the authorities in Calais argued that the state should be allowed to tear down 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods ranging from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer hairdressing services or sell tea for 50 cents (40 pence) or simple meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Prefecture of Calais argued that these places should be demolished because they would constitute a parallel economy from which no tax would be paid and which would entail a fire and sanitary risk.
Humanitarian groups told the court that the shops and restaurants were important because the free meals offered by the government-sponsored association and other groups would not provide enough food for the growing numbers in the camp.
They also explained that the temporary shops and restaurants often provide accommodation and free meals for people in need.
A court in Lille ruled that there was no legal basis for the expulsion of the people who run the 72 provisional shops, but admitted that the concerns of the Prefecture of Calais were "perfectly understandable".
Judge Jean-François Molla said that grocery stores, cafés and restaurants would play a much greater role than simply feeding people who "live in extremely precarious conditions.
He said that the areas provide quiet meeting places between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places threatened with demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids' Café, which is run on a non-profit basis and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum counseling for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed the petition to protect the Kids' Café.
A letter to the Guardian said that the closure "would be a disaster for these children, the youngest of whom are eight years old.
The two aid organizations Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants estimated on Friday that the number of people living in the jungle camp had risen to over 9,000 - the highest number so far - after a sharp increase in new arrivals over the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment: Martin remains combative
Despite his disappointing performance in the Olympic time trial, professional cyclist Tony Martin does not want to let himself be beaten.
"I'm still keeping an eye on the World Cup, staying confident and continuing to fight," the 31-year-old wrote on Facebook on Thursday before leaving Rio de Janeiro.
He has no explanation for his miserable twelfth place at Sugar Loaf Mountain.
"I honestly find it difficult to comment on yesterday's time trial," said Martin.
He had to take his time to analyse the reasons that had led to the debacle.
At the time trial world championship in Qatar in October Martin actually wanted to fight for the title.
"I'm going to take a close look at everything we've changed recently."
"This includes my position", wrote the three-time Time Trial World Champion, who had lost more than three minutes to Olympic champion Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland) on Wednesday's 54.5 km.
Olympia: Tennis professional Siegemund misses the semi-finals
The triumph of Laura Siegemund ended in the quarter finals of Rio: The world ranking 32. from Metzingen missed out on a 1:6, 1:6 against Monica Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA no.
34) the semi-finals of the Olympic tennis tournament.
Siegemund, who was plagued by back problems, was only able to get her serve through once and seemed powerless compared to the previous rounds.
On Thursday, medal hopeful Angelique Kerber (Kiel/No. 2) still had the chance to jump into the preliminary round.
The Australian Open winner met the British Johanna Konta (No. 10).
Tommy Haas was the last German tennis professional to win a medal (silver) in Sydney in 2000.
Two German DTB starters in the quarter finals of Summer Games had last been in 1992.
Never before has a German duo reached an Olympic singles semi-final.
Group enters into start-up for live video game broadcasting
Watching other people play video games is a huge trend - and Microsoft wants to benefit from it.
The technology group buys the start-up Beam, which specializes in this hobby.
Microsoft did not announce on Thursday how much money will flow for the acquisition.
Beam started with its offer only in January and already has more than 100,000 users.
You can watch others play, but you can also intervene yourself.
For example, they can give the players missions, confront enemies, and provide equipment.
Gaming giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
Facebook should help on the way to becoming a global media event.
The advertising industry is already paying attention.
The employees of the start-up, which is currently based in Seattle, Washington, are moving to Microsoft headquarters in Redmond, California, according to Beam co-founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi.
Accordingly, the takeover should not change anything for customers.
According to Microsoft, Beam will be integrated into the video game department around the Xbox console.
The market for live streaming of video game activities is currently growing rapidly.
Well known platforms are Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
Twitch was in 2014 by online retailer Amazon were bought - for nearly a billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming belongs to the Google mother alphabet.
Here comes the Enforcement Trailer
Germany's speeders must prepare for the next generation of speedometers: In various German states, including Hesse and Brandenburg, new flash devices are being tested that are designed to catch speeders particularly effectively.
The futuristic-looking enforcement trailers from the Wiesbaden-based company Vitronic can be used, for example, at accident black spots where it would be too dangerous for mobile measurement by the police.
For example, at motorway construction sites or bridges that are to be renovated with a temporary speed limit, there is often no necessary infrastructure to ensure that the speed limit is observed with a stationary speed camera.
However, a permanent mobile setup can be too dangerous or costly.
The Enforcement Trailer is self-sufficient: Its battery lasts for five days with uninterrupted measuring operation, and the case data is transmitted in encrypted form via a modem.
Laser measurement technology also allows all vehicles to be recorded simultaneously over several lanes.
Variable speed limits as well as passage bans according to time, lane and vehicle class can also be monitored.
According to the manufacturer, the trailer can be moved in the raised position with any car with a trailer coupling.
So that it is not simply stolen, it is lowered in the measuring mode, so that the wheels disappear in the armoured and, by the way, bulletproof outer shell.
In addition, a built-in alarm system should protect the speed camera against vandalism.
According to Vitronic, the trailer has been tested in various German states since 2015 and is now in use.
Foreign authorities are also using the new technology to great effect: France recently placed a repeat order for 100 units, following an order for 150 units last year.
Great Britain takes silver in 7-hole rugby after Fiji Masterclass takes gold
Britain's impressive performance in 7-team rugby came to an abrupt halt at the final hurdle in the form of the Fijis in Thursday evening's final when they were beaten 43-7 at Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a master class in handling, side stepping, moving up, line running and raw power to win gold - her first Olympic medal of any colour.
The defeat was sweetened by the not too bad consolation prize of a silver medal - Britain's fourth that day - and they could be proud of their efforts in this tournament, beating New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa.
The clear defeat of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-finals on the same day, could be a reminder for them in the final.
But regardless of this, Fiji would have beaten a 15-man team in top form with this form.
It might be a consolation for GB - but it probably won't - that at least one Brit will have a gold medal hanging around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach Ben Ryan, the former head for England from Wimbledon.
GB had a difficult road behind it.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
They only lost one here.
This slap will hurt, but the progress is amazing.
Fiji got off to a wonderful start and bounced the GBs attacks for fun.
For Captain Tom Mitchell and Co., it felt like walking into moving buses. The World Series winners went up 5-0 when Osea Kolinisau raced over in the corner.
With four minutes left in the game, Jerry Tuwai added another attack from the right corner, which he converted.
12-0 and GB has barely touched the ball.
A superb tackle from Mitchell stopped the mountain of man Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third goal, but it only slowed Fiji down.
In the seventh minute Jasa Veremalua scored a touchdown in the right corner and the score was 0-17 for GB.
Nakarawa added a new one since the restart and there was still over a minute of play left ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou rushed through more weak tackles from the GB team and stormed to the line to score.
The conversion brought a 29-0 until the break.
It's like Fiji was born to play the 7 while GB is still learning.
That's the way it is.
GB made fundamental changes at half-time and closed the Fijian gap...for a full four minutes, which was good for first-half conditions, until Josua Tuisova ran through after a brilliant Fiji interlude.
Dan Norton made a try for GB, scored a touchdown in the left corner for a 36-7, but the game has long gone in favour of the South Sea islanders, whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It was not difficult to admire the playful approach of Fiji.
Mata Viliame put the icing on the cake with another attempt in the final seconds.
The whistle sounded, the Fijis hugged each other and GB kicked devastatingly beaten into the grass.
Earlier that day, Fiji had defeated Japan 20-5 in the semi-finals and Britain pushed South Africa out of the race in a close semi-final match - Britain's conversion of the difference.
Kyle Brown brought the Boks forward in the first half, but Dan Norton broke through the line with impressive footwork and scored a goal under the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late tackle by Marcus Watson, the brother of Anthony of the English 15-Aside team, secured the win - and with it the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to win the rowing competition by fighting the coach's cancer
There will be no more emotinal gold than in these games and that means something.
From the first stroke of the oar to the last, 220 hard heave that will go down in history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added significance in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Even if it was just the two of them at the helm, there were three voices in the boat. The echo of coach Robin Williams was all around them as they rowed to their second consecutive Olympic gold medal in the double without a helmswoman, the first women in the history of British sport to set such a standard.
Their dominance was absolute, after all their 39th undefeated effort, which is also unprecedented.
What we see are two brilliant athletes gliding over the surface with the elegance of swans, which does not fully reflect the nature of the triumph.
Behind every gold in rowing is a battalion of willing helpers who contribute to the incremental progress that makes the difference, and there was no one more helpful than the coach, who 30 months ago did not know if he would even survive that day when he was diagnosed with cancer.
Like he said, he took a chance.
I had bladder cancer that was operable and they did.
If you don't, it'll spread everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It changes the outlook a little.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were fortunate that he was able to start his treatment in early 2014, out of season, which kept the interruption to a minimum, if that is even the right term in these circumstances.
I needed money, so I had to get better soon.
It was an incentive.
I was in the hospital and walking around the ward - 20 feet, 30 feet, 50 feet at a time when they said a few steps would be enough.
This is how it starts.
Rowing is a challenge in itself, but that makes it an even greater one.
In the immediacy of victory, her first thoughts went to Williams, who spent a nerve-wracking morning talking a little more than usual and trying to work through his own fears.
Stanning, who was a captain in the Royal Artillery Regiment on a mission in Afghanistan, said "I was an emotional wreck this week. This may be a little extreme, but it means so much."
It just repeats how much this means to me, how much I and Helen and also Robin have worked.
It was three fantastic years with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin, we would be nobody, so a massive thank you goes to him. He's the best coach in the world.
I could not have wished for a better person to train with or a better coach.
Helena Glover and Heather Stanning have not lost a race in the last five years.
The pair had a hard rhythm that their opponents could not keep up with.
Even in the last 500 metres, when the teams from New Zealand and Denmark started to catch up, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very caught up in the moment.
Helen shouted "stay in trial, stay in trial".
It's really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we were not looking to do anything great.
We didn't want fireworks today, we just wanted to get a good result, go out and win the race, which we did.
The couple will take a break for a year before making decisions about their future.
Glover must appear at a wedding next week, her own with TV adventurer Steve Backshall.
Now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say that this was my last race.
That would have been too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to realize that I am an Olympic champion.
It was all so new to me and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
That feels so much better," she said.
31 years of exemplary clarity
Ruppert Göller, managing director of the "Veitenstein Group" water purpose association, retires.
The association is considered "exemplary throughout Bavaria".
A small Franconian drinking water association as a model for the large water producers.
This was the original statement made some time ago in an article by the Bavarian Broadcasting Corporation.
A little later, the Water Forum of the government of Lower Franconia paid tribute to the association.
The work of the Veitenstein Group is considered "exemplary throughout Bavaria".
Behind all this is Rupert Göller, who was an employee of the Zweckverband for 31 years, 28 of which as managing director.
Now he was retired at the age of 65.
The drinking water association of the Veitenstein Group, based in Kottendorf in the municipality of Breitbrunn, extracts about 150,000 cubic metres of water annually and supplies 32 towns and hamlets with about 5,500 inhabitants.
The member municipalities are Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the town of Baunach.
There are water supply contracts for other towns and municipalities.
The current chairwoman, Breitbrunn's mayor Gertrud Bühl (FW), reminded the audience that Rupert Göller was hired as water warden in 1985 and had already been appointed managing director of the special-purpose association in 1988.
"His tasks were very varied and they ranged from water pipeline construction and maintenance work to office and organisational activities, budget preparation, calculation of fees and contributions and emergency operations at weekends," said the chairwoman.
As outstanding events she mentioned the commissioning and inauguration of the new wells (1994), land purchases in the area of the new wells (1998) and compensation for farmers, the rehabilitation of the elevated tanks (1999), the purchase of a new central computer control system (2004) and the partial renewal of water pipes.
There had been no standstill whatsoever and innovations had been taken up again and again, because water means life and drinking water is the most important foodstuff.
In her laudation she praised Göller's loyal, reliable and correct service over 31 years.
He has put his heart and soul into his water board and he has lived the water board as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago, he was able to present the Veitenstein Group's successful concept for nitrate reduction to the Water Forum of the Lower Franconian District as a real practitioner.
He received a lot of recognition and praise for this.
Rupert Göller, for his part, praised water keeper Alfons Griebel, who had worked with him for 28 years.
He is the best water keeper and he was a loyal squire.
Together we were an unbeatable team.
As highlights from his point of view he described the well construction and the restructuring of the special purpose association.
However, the biggest challenge and most difficult operation was the pipe burst at the elevated tank near Kirchlauter on 3 January.
Here, work had to be carried out all night long at minus 17 degrees so that the villages could be supplied with water.
Also the supply of Neubrunn could only be maintained once because the elevated tank was filled with hoses from Pettstadt.
The management of the drinking water association was handed over to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who succeeds Rupert Göller.
The soprano Anna Netrebko deals openly with her son Tiago's autism - and addresses other affected parents: "They must have the courage to talk about it.
"Medicine has made great progress," the 44-year-old told the Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera.
When the disease was diagnosed in her son, she believed that she had to die.
But Tiago, who is now eight years old, has made good progress and is now studying privately in New York, where the best therapists are available.
"To give an example: When I ask him something that happened two years ago when I sang at La Scala in Milan, he doesn't remember anything," Netrebko said.
But he is the happiest man on earth.
Tiago comes from Netrebko's combination with the bass baritone Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to the tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Relationship crime in Bargteheide - man shoots his partner
A 35-year-old man shot his partner and fatally injured her in an apartment building in Bargteheide (Stormarn district) on Friday around 10.45 am.
"The man himself called us and claimed to have shot his partner," said a police spokeswoman.
The perpetrator is on the run, he is publicly sought.
By now nationwide, because Sven S. could be travelling by car.
The man is about six feet tall, muscular, tanned and bald.
In the meantime, the police have published a photo of him.
It's a few years old, though.
Meanwhile the man is bald.
The man should not be addressed directly.
According to the police, he could still carry the gun with him.
If you see Sven S., call 911.
The police speak of a "relationship act".
The victim was born in 1988, the offender in 1981.
The responsible police in Lübeck initially did not want to give any information on the course of events or the relationship between perpetrator and victim; however, they confirmed that a person had been killed.
"This is a homicide."
"That's all we are saying at the moment," said a police spokeswoman in Lübeck.
According to eyewitnesses, a special task force (SEK) was on the scene.
Steel - a ray of hope for the German steel industry
The crisis-stricken and energy-intensive German steel industry is spared additional costs amounting to millions.
Financial burdens that the industry was threatened with from the green electricity subsidies are off the table.
The exemption from the renewable energy levy for the existing plants for the so-called own power production in the German steel industry would remain, said Federal Minister of Economics Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) in the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ, Friday edition).
"I'm really glad that after two years of tough negotiations, we finally got this."
The European Commission had initially planned to ask steel producers who use gases from the blast furnace to generate electricity for their own consumption to pay.
According to the German industry association, the steel industry was threatened with additional costs of 120 to 240 million euros per year.
Gabriel told the WAZ that there was now a basic agreement with the EU Commission after talks with Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager.
Only when the generators in the steelworks are replaced will an EEG levy of 20 percent be due.
However, the steel industry does not charge this either.
The IG Metall trade union welcomed Germany's agreement with the EU Commission on own power generation.
The status quo of the previous regulation is thus largely established.
He said that Gabriel's successful efforts were of particular importance for the steel industry.
"In terms of our 'Steel is Future' campaign, this is a first step."
"More must follow."
"Climate and employment targets must also be weighed up in the reform of emissions trading", explained IG Metall head Jörg Hofmann in Frankfurt.
The steel industry in Europe has been suffering from overcapacity and considerable price pressure since the financial crisis of 2008.
Last year the situation worsened further when the world's largest producer country, China, threw massive quantities of steel onto the world market in the face of weakening domestic demand.
European producers accuse Chinese steel companies of price dumping.
In the course of this spring the situation has eased somewhat.
On the one hand, import duties imposed on imported steel are having an effect, and on the other hand the economic outlook in China has brightened.
It is unclear how sustainable the price recovery is.
German industry leader Thyssenkrupp remained cautious on Thursday.
Recently, prices have tended to stagnate again.
The industry is reacting to the difficult situation with further cost reductions.
Thyssenkrupp did not want to rule out the closure of individual plants.
The German steel industry employed around 86,000 people at the end of 2015.
German steel manufacturers remain cautious in July despite rising prices and increasing orders.
At 3.4 million tonnes, they produced a good six per cent less crude steel than in the same month last year, the German Steel Federation announced on Friday.
After a brief increase in May, the quantity produced fell for the second month in succession.
Since the beginning of the year, production has been two percent below the previous year's figure.
The association expects output to rise in the coming months thanks to an improved order situation.
Community, Spirit, Health: Singing is good for seniors
Singing has accompanied Ursel Kipp all her life: As a young girl she was in the school choir, in her teacher training she studied music, and today the 78-year-old sings in a senior citizens' choir.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a rehearsal she feels balanced, happy and more alive overall, she says.
Besides, she does something good for her health and her spirit.
Because singing is a great hobby for seniors from several perspectives, says Erhard Hackler from the German Senior Citizens' League.
Most seniors sing in a choir and share the joy of music with like-minded people, Hackler describes.
By being together regularly, seniors can establish and maintain social contacts.
Because social and family structures often dissolve in old age, a choir is then an ideal opportunity to spend time with other people.
Ursel Kipp has also had this experience in her choir: "To be able to coordinate and organize, to rely on others and to learn from each other - a choir is a very special form of being together".
Singing can be exhausting in a positive sense, says Hackler.
This is because senior citizens train deep and controlled breathing.
Those who regularly challenge their lungs do not get out of breath so quickly in everyday life.
Singing is also an ideal hobby when it comes to preserving the sound of the voice in old age.
Singing often has a very special effect on older people, says Ursula Lenz from the Federal Working Group of Senior Citizens' Organisations.
In the older generations, singing together was much more important; it was part of everyday life, both at school and in leisure time, she explains.
Lenz often observes that singing or listening to songs awakens many memories in older people, often combined with positive feelings of their youth.
Through song lyrics and especially melodies, even people suffering from dementia remember events long ago.
Singing also demands a special performance from the head, explains Lenz.
To concentrate on one's own voice and on a given rhythm at the same time, while adapting to the other singers - that is a great cognitive challenge.
Especially older people who live alone practice not to concentrate only on themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition one gets from singing in a choir, says Hackler.
An enthusiastic audience is great praise.
Also the self-esteem grows through singing in the choir.
To show yourself: When I practice for something for a long time, I get better and grow beyond myself - this experience strengthens.
So there are enough good reasons to start singing.
Anyone who wants to try out a new hobby should not hesitate - even if he thinks he has little talent, advises Lenz.
You don't sing alone - with 50 singing people, who can hear when a note goes wrong?
In their search for the right offer, senior citizens have various options, says Hackler.
If someone from your circle of friends sings in a senior citizens' choir, you can simply join in.
Many cities also offer overviews of the choirs in the area.
If you would like to sing in a church choir, please contact the congregation or the churchwarden directly.
Many senior citizens' choirs can also be found via the Internet.
If you do not have access to the Internet, you can ask your family, friends or neighbours for help with your Internet research.
Whoever feels like singing should definitely join a choir, advises Hackler.
Singing is good for the soul and has something liberating - this is true for all ages.
Cats are more sensitive than cats to cries from kittens
Biologists in Hanover have investigated the effect of calling kittens on adult animals.
To their surprise, the meowing did not leave the males cold either - but unlike the females they always behaved the same.
Female cats can recognize the degree of excitement of kittens by the meowing of the kittens.
They react ten percent faster to the sounds of kittens who think they are in great distress, as scientists from the University of Veterinary Medicine and the Hannover Medical School (MHH) have found out.
Males also react to the calls of kittens - but always the same.
"Apparently, the acoustic differences between meowing of less and highly excited young animals are either not perceptible or not important for the males," said biologist Wiebke Konerding from the MHH.
She is first author of the study, which was published this Friday in the journal "BMC Evolutionary Biology".
In a previous study, the research team had already found that the duration and pitch of kitten cries vary with the urgency of their need for help.
A total of nine adult males and eight females from the MHH's animal husbandry were observed.
On the one hand, they were played calls from little ones, which were taken out of the litter box for three minutes and separated from mother and siblings.
On the other hand they were confronted with screams of more excited kittens, which were additionally lifted.
The researchers consider their results to be meaningful despite the small sample.
"All females, even those who did not have their own offspring yet, reacted in a differentiated way to the cries", said Konerding.
They turned more quickly to the loudspeaker when it played the calls of the more excited kittens.
This ability may be innate or develop with sexual maturity.
"It was a surprise that the males reacted at all," said the biologist.
In the past, scientists have repeatedly studied the reactions of women and men to baby sounds in humans.
Some studies also showed that women reacted more sensitively to babies, regardless of whether they were already mothers or not, reported biologist Marina Scheumann.
Podolski reaches for Supercup with "Gala
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
An arrest warrant has been issued in Turkey against the former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
For the first time since the attempted coup d'état, an important football match is taking place in Turkey.
Before the duel of the arch rivals between Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul for the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "Business as usual" is the order of the day.
Already when the state of emergency was declared after the attempted coup in July, the government claimed that the everyday life of normal citizens should not be affected.
But this does not apply to those who are suspected of belonging to the movement of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom they blame for the attempted coup.
And they do not stop at football.
The public prosecutor's office issued an arrest warrant against the former star kicker Hakan Sükür.
According to the report, Sükür, who now lives in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist group.
Sükür is said to be a follower of the preacher Fethullah Gülen, who is held responsible for the attempted coup by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
Although the state of emergency, which was initially declared for 90 days, will remain in effect until October, it will have virtually no impact on the lives of most Turks.
Erdogan declared the nightly "democracy guards" in public places throughout the country to be over on Wednesday.
The sport is - like the whole country - divided into supporters and opponents of Erdogan.
Especially fans of the Besiktas Workers' Club are traditionally not among the president's friends.
What unites the majority of Turks, however, in view of dramatic experiences in history, is their strict rejection of military coups.
Even the fans themselves agree on this - no matter whether their heart beats for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
With cup winner "Gala", Lukas Podolski will be particularly important again.
The Cologne native proved his sporting value in the past season: With 17 goals and nine assists in all competitions, the 31-year-old finished his first season as the top scorer of his club.
In the final game against Fenerbahce he scored the 1:0 victory.
The "Fanatic" newspaper praised him: "He was the best on the field."
He finished the season in an excellent manner and secured the cup for his team.
Thanks to "Poldi" the disappointing season came to a conciliatory end for the record champion.
After the knockout in the preliminary round of the Champions League, the "Lions" also dropped out early in the Europa League.
In the Süper Lig it was only enough to finish sixth.
The season was not good.
The trophy was the only way to win something.
"We've done that and that's the most important thing," Podolski said.
For Master Besiktas the year went better.
Mostly thanks to Mario Gomez, who laid the foundations for the 14th title as the Süper League top scorer with 26 goals in the season.
This is also the reason why the fans continue to hope for the return of the 31-year-old.
Gomez, who has a contract with AC Florence and is only on loan to Besiktas, had announced after the attempted coup that he would not return after his European Championship holiday because of the political situation in the country.
"If Mario does want to come to us, all he has to do is say so," the trade magazine "Kicker" quoted club boss Fikret Orman.
To do so, however, the striker would have to be prepared to give up around a third of his annual salary, estimated at 7.5 million euros, Orman made clear: "We can't pay his salary at Florence.
Despite doping: These athletes still have a chance of winning a medal at the Olympics in Rio
The 34-year-old Justin Gatlin has already been banned twice for doping (2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblower Julia Stepanowa is not allowed to start in Rio
Other convicted athletics sinners can only laugh about it - they are fighting for medals in Rio.
The subject of doping continues to dominate the headlines at the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who had claimed her right to start shortly before the games after a doping ban, was mercilessly booed and booed at her start (100 metres breaststroke).
A bizarre scenery presented itself: With a smile on her face, she had strutted into the hall and provoked with her performance.
When it was clear that she would not take gold, the audience broke into a storm of cheers.
But there are many more athletes who, despite their doping past, will be competing in the Rio Olympics.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100 m relay/USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial figures in athletics.
He has already been suspended twice for doping (2001 and 2006 to 2010).
Since his spell, the 2004 Olympic champion and former World Champion has been running even faster than before. He is the world's number one over 100 m in 9.80 seconds and is considered Usain Bolt's greatest challenger.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100 m relay/Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time World champion had to serve a six-month suspension in 2010 after being proven to be taking the painkiller Oxycodon.
She had severe toothache after an operation, the 29-year-old defended herself.
Sandra Perkovic (Discus/Croatia): In 2011 the Olympic champion of 2012, world champion of 2013 and European champion from 2010 to 2016 tested positive for the banned stimulant methylhexanamine.
Perkovic denied knowingly taking it and was suspended for six months.
The four furthest litters this year go to the account of the big gold favourite.
LaShawn Merritt (200, 400, 4x400 m relay/USA): The Beijing Olympic Champion and two-time World Champion over 400 m, tested positive in 2010 and was suspended for 21 months.
A penis enlargement drug was responsible, Merritt affirmed.
This year, the 30-year-old over 200 and 400 m is the fastest man in the world so far.
Iwan Tichon (Hammer throw, Belarus): Hardly any other athlete was deprived of so many medals afterwards.
For example, Tichon lost his 2005 World Championship title nine years later, after he was found to have taken testosterone doping.
The now 40-year-old also had to give up Olympic silver in 2004 for steroid doping and the European Championship title in 2006 for testosterone abuse.
The bronze medal of the 2008 Olympic Games, which was also withdrawn, was returned to him following a ruling by the International Court of Justice for Sport (CAS).
With 80.04 m he is on second place in the world ranking list.
Liu Hong (20 km walking, China): The world record holder and gold favourite only tested positive in May, but is still allowed to start in Rio.
The 29-year-old world champion was found to be taking a forbidden food supplement, and the suspension by the World Anti-Doping Agency WADA was mild and expired on 13 July.
Bomb terror in Thailand - Austrian woman injured - Several dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, said Thomas Schnöll, spokesman of the Foreign Ministry, Friday morning.
She had suffered cuts and had been treated in hospital, but had already been able to leave.
She had planned her trip home for the beginning of September.
Whether Austrian citizens are also affected by the further explosions on the holiday island of Phuket and in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumphon is not yet clear.
The Foreign Ministry is in constant contact with the local authorities in this regard, said Schnöll.
In Hua Hin, about 200 kilometres south of the capital Bangkok, two bombs exploded in a nightlife area on Thursday evening.
According to police, one Thai woman was killed and about 20 people were injured, among them the Austrian, three Germans, three Dutch and three Italians.
Friday morning two more explosives went off, killing another person, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported from Phuket in the morning.
According to the police, a taxi driver was injured in the detonation near the Patong beach, which is popular with holidaymakers.
In Surat Thani on the southeast coast of the country, another bomb then exploded, killing a municipal employee.
According to the authorities, the bomb exploded in a flowerbed in front of the coastal police station.
Finally, detonations in Phang Nga and Trang on the southwest coast and in Chumphon on the southeast coast caused several injuries.
It was said that there was a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin.
"The bombings bear the same signature," Army General Danai Kritmethavee told journalists early on Friday morning.
"We are assuming that this is a coordinated attack."
It was too early to comment on possible motives - but it was probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
Thai media also wanted to identify a pattern in the attacks that is typical of the bombings by Muslim separatists in the south of the country.
The Thai police, on the other hand, declared that the attacks were not connected with the Islamist insurgency or with international terrorism.
"This is only local sabotage, limited to limited areas and provinces," said a spokesman in Bangkok.
It was rather assumed that the bombs were laid by opponents of the ruling military junta.
In the past few days, the authorities had received intelligence information about imminent attacks in the south of the country - but they had not been informed about the exact time and place.
It was still unclear which group was behind the attacks.
The police instructed their officers across the country to increase security around key government buildings as well as airports, train stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and entertainment areas.
In Thailand there are always small bomb attacks, but they are usually not directed against tourists.
In Hua Hin there is a palace that was used for years by Thailand's king Bhumibol Adulyadej.
Following the recent bomb explosions, the Austrian Foreign Ministry recommends on its homepage that the instructions of the Thai security authorities be followed without fail.
High security risk (security level 3) applies to the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla as well as Preah Vihear and the surrounding area.
Following clashes between security forces and Muslim communities, unnecessary travel to these provinces is not recommended.
Increased security risk (security level 2) applies to the rest of the country.
The attacks on Thursday and Friday came a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drafted by the military junta.
This gives the military great influence also in the coming years.
Junta leader and Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha said the bombs were an attempt to wreak havoc as the country moves towards stability, economic improvement and tourism.
The military aunta, which seized power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, considers itself lucky to have restored stability and order to the kingdom.
However, even the military has not succeeded in bringing the rebellion of Muslim rebels, which has been smouldering for years in the extreme south of the country, under control.
More than 6500 people have already been killed in the conflict.
In addition, less than a year ago, 20 people were killed in Bangkok in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine - most of them foreign tourists.
It was the bloodiest attack in the recent history of the country.
The right-wing "Identitarian Movement" has come under the scrutiny of the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution.
After several state offices, the constitutional protectors at the federal level have also placed the group under observation.
"We see indications of efforts against the free democratic basic order in the 'Identitarian Movement'", said Hans-Georg Maaßen, head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution, to the German Press Agency in Berlin.
Thus, immigrants of Islamic faith or from the Middle East are defamed in an extremist manner.
That is why we are now also observing the movement.
The "Identitarian Movement" is a group with French roots, which has also been active in Germany since 2012.
It opposes "multiculturalism mania", "uncontrolled mass immigration" and the "loss of one's own identity through alienation".
Protectors of the constitution in nine federal states - Bremen, Bavaria, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - are already observing the "identities".
Maaßen said that his office had closely coordinated its decision with the state offices.
"Groups like the 'Identity Movement' try to pick up their target group where they stand," said the head of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution.
In general, extremists try to address them with language suitable for young people, often with pop music.
Islamists would do that as well as right-wing extremists.
This is not a frivolous advertisement for one's own cause.
Propaganda is supposed to appeal to people emotionally.
Young people are particularly vulnerable to this.
That's dangerous.
Recently, there had been reports from several federal states about contacts of "identitarians" with AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he had no knowledge of that.
For the protection of the constitution, possible contacts of this kind are only relevant from a certain point on.
It depends on whether the party in question - in this case the AfD - changes its aims through certain persons who are extremist and thus becomes extremist.
The decisive factor is therefore whether such persons have a controlling influence on the party.
This was not apparent.
In view of the significant increase in right-wing motivated crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said he would not yet speak of new right-wing terrorism in this context.
But in recent years we have seen that there can be right-wing terrorist structures.
There was the group 'Old School Society' or the Freital group.
It is quite possible that further right-wing terrorist groups or micro-groups will form that plan attacks against asylum seekers, against refugee homes or attacks from other right-wing extremist motives.
A Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of legal terrorism was not, however, discernible.
The previous groups had emerged at the regional level or in social networks.
Maaßen expressed his concern that many assaults were committed by people who had not previously appeared in the right-wing scene.
That's what's so worrying.
Many of the suspects in attacks on asylum centres had not previously been known as criminals, politically motivated criminals or supporters of the right-wing scene.
"Many people have committed crimes who previously had nothing to do with right-wing extremists, who were perhaps politically indifferent or voted for the CDU, SPD or Left Party, for example, but who then radicalised themselves through right-wing extremist propaganda.
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes an Internet hit
The Olympians or world records do not always make the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This is demonstrated by the courageous performance of Robel Kiros Habte at the Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.
At the Aquatics Center, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that he was no longer visible in the TV pictures at times.
He simply disappeared - no matter how far the cutout was selected.
In the social networks Habte then became a viral Internet hit.
In fact, the 24-year-old finished his lead with a gap of 48 seconds and finished 59th out of 59 starters.
But it was rather his not very sporty figure that attracted the attention of the international media.
Why is the 24-year-old still taking part in the Olympic Games?
The Ethiopian received a special starting right from the international swimming federation.
This will be distributed to make swimming better known in underrepresented countries.
Since most athletes run in Ethiopia, Habte simply wanted to do something different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte gets ready for the big race.
The first nicknames quickly made the rounds.
Some media called him "Robel the Whale".
In the style of a "prosperity belly" the English tabloid "The Sun" made fun of him with "Dad Bod".
His time, he only started with one minute and almost five seconds over the 100 meter freestyle, did not matter.
Comparisons with "Eric the Eel" were also drawn.
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's run attracted media attention.
Unforgettable was the performance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea, when he had to compete alone in a 100 meter freestyle in a preliminary run.
At that time Moussambani was frenetically cheered.
The then 22-year-old only learned to swim eight months before the Olympics and had never completed such a long distance before the competition.
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of the downtown Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter holds a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture".
It is planned that Gee and Schwartmann will discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design and the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The Salon is scheduled for August 21 from 14.00 to 16.00 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Visitors can visit the central hall, style rooms, cactus lounge and tea room.
Advance tickets only; SAH/SCC members, $ 15; non-members, $ 25.
An open industrial loft in DTLA gets a cosy makeover
We are celebrating the 90th birthday of the Central Library of L.A. - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - The owner of a shop on Neuer Platz has been robbed.
According to the police, the 67-year-old woman from Geretsried had left her shop on Monday around 5:30 pm and forgot to close a window on the ground floor.
When she returned the next morning at around 8.15 a.m., about 250 euros had disappeared from the till.
No traces of the perpetrator could be found.
There is also no video surveillance.
Trump doesn't see the threat of electoral defeat so narrow
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a campaign event in Florida.
If the election for US president fails, Donald Trump already has an alternative candidate.
He'll just go on holiday.
If Donald Trump loses the US presidential election in November, he would not care about that: "In the end, it will either work out or I will have a very, very nice, long vacation," the Republican candidate said in a telephone interview with the US television station CNBC.
If in the end it was not enough for him for reasons of political correctness, that was fine, Trump said.
Thus he called US President Barack Obama and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, the founder of the terrorist militia Islamic State (IS).
More and more resistance has recently formed within his party.
Swiss Post enters the market for electric transporters
An electric delivery vehicle from Deutsche Post in action.
The interest of other companies in the vehicle is obviously great.
Swiss Post also plans to sell its StreetScooter electric vehicle.
The group plans to start trading with the transporter shortly.
Swiss Post intends to offer its electric transporters on the open car market as of next year.
"We want to enter into the sale to third parties," said a post office spokesman on Friday.
The company has been considering for months whether to sell its self-developed StreetScooter, which is used to deliver letters and packages, to other businesses.
Post board member Jürgen Gerdes had said that there were always questions, for example from craftsmen.
According to information from the news magazine "Der Spiegel", the Bonn-based company plans to enter into mass production of the vehicles in the near future.
The company plans to build up to 10,000 cars per year and shift in its own production facilities.
Gerdes had announced that the company wants to significantly increase its fleet of electric cars and is aiming for a complete conversion to the environmentally friendly vehicles in the long term.
"We will take a very, very robust step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we're going to reposition the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been active on German roads since 2014.
GfK management resigns after disappointing business figures
The consumer research company GfK is replacing its boss Matthias Hartmann.
The resignations came suddenly - but not completely surprisingly.
The difficult situation of the market research company GfK made it clear that the longer the promised successes fail to materialize, the more uncertain the chair of CEO Matthias Hartmann will become.
Turbulence at the head of Nuremberg-based market research company GfK: After another set of disappointing business figures and the resignation of the company's management, the world's number five in the sector is about to make a new start in terms of personnel.
GfK's CEO plans to leave the company by the end of the year.
The Chairman of the GfK Supervisory Board, Arno Mahlert, is retiring from the Supervisory Board with effect from September 12.
Gerhard Hausruckinger, who has been a member of the Board of Management up to now, will take over the leadership of the Board as of September 1, the company announced.
He is to officially take over the function of a "spokesman of the board" until a successor for Hartmann has been found.
As a reason for the resignations, the company cited "different views" on the long-term business policy orientation.
A company spokesman did not want to give details on Friday.
It is not yet clear who will head the market research company in the future.
In investor circles it was said on Friday that the disappointment among shareholders about the continuing lack of success of the restructuring initiated years ago had been great.
Mr. Hartmann has been at the helm of GfK since 2011.
"However, the fruits of the restructuring are not yet visible even after 5 years", it was said.
In view of the recent poor GfK business figures, every shareholder at some point becomes anxious.
"If that were the case with BMW, the Quandts would do the same," they said.
Following setbacks in previous quarters, the company was unable to halt its loss-making trend in the second quarter of 2016.
At EUR 361.2 million, sales were 6.1 percent below the level of the comparable prior-year quarter.
Related to the first half of the year, sales shrank by 3.4 percent to EUR 721.2 million.
The profit in the second quarter was primarily impacted by the lower value of the company in view of its difficult economic situation.
The goodwill amortization of 139 million euros that became necessary in the Consumer Experience division resulted in a net loss of 148.2 million euros for the Group.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK had generated consolidated total income of 19.7 million.
Accidents - bus slides into ditch in Krummhörn Eight injured
Eight people were injured in an accident of a coach with 43 senior citizens as passengers in Krummhörn (district of Aurich) on Thursday.
Two of the inmates suffered serious injuries, police reported.
According to her information, the 66 year old driver of a bus of a travel company from Eisenach had to avoid an oncoming truck, some of which was driving on the opposite lane.
The bus came off the road to the right and slid into a ditch, as a spokeswoman for the Aurich/Wittmund police reported.
"Due to the location of the bus, people could not get off the bus by themselves," she said.
The fire department freed the inmates.
Six ambulances and one emergency ambulance arrived at the scene of the accident on the national highway 2.
The uninjured passengers were taken back to the Krummhörner district of Pewsum by a public bus.
There they should wait for a replacement bus from the tour operator.
The investigators asked the truck driver and possible witnesses to report to the police.
From 1 October 2016, the fees per cubic metre of wastewater will be 3.44 euros instead of the previous 2.10 euros for the Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl wastewater plant area; 3.36 euros for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp (previous 2.26 euros) and 3.64 euros for Azendorf (previous 2.18 euros).
At the Azendorf plant, the wastewater charge will increase again at the latest when appropriate improvement measures become necessary.
According to a rough calculation, the price of wastewater in Azendorf will then be 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
As reported by Mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU), it was established during the approval of the budget by the Kulmbach District Office that there was a shortfall of funds for these sewage plants.
The Kasendorf market is obliged by law to operate the plants at cost-covering levels.
From October 1, 2016, citizens and commercial and industrial enterprises from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig deeper into their wallets.
The fee increases are between 48 and 67 percent.
As the head of administration, Herbert Schmidt, pointed out to the committee, a recalculation of the fees for the sewage plants of the market town was necessary.
In the period from October 2016 to September 2020, surpluses or shortfalls from the previous calculation period must also be compensated.
Schmidt justified the serious fee increases by saying that all three wastewater plants are relatively small facilities with a very low wastewater volume of between 6800 and 12000 cubic meters per year.
For example, due to the small distribution base, expenses for necessary repairs of several thousand euros would have a serious impact.
In addition, the volume of waste water in all three plants is slightly declining.
Furthermore, in the past calculation period, all three plants had incurred considerable renovation and repair costs, not least because of their age.
The plant in Azendorf is almost 30 years old, the plants for Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp almost 20 years.
Schmidt pointed out that the mechanical aeration system in the Azendorf wastewater plant had to be replaced due to damage.
At the Welschenkahl pumping station, the almost 20-year-old pumping systems had to be completely overhauled, and at the Lopp pond treatment plant, after almost 20 years of operation, the first clarification pond had to be dredged, the sewage sludge had to be disposed of and an additional aeration facility had to be installed in order to be able to comply with water law requirements in the future.
Schmidt: "In addition to these extraordinary expenses, there were also the updated support and maintenance costs, which are to be taken into account accordingly in the new calculation period.
The same applies to electricity costs, which in the previous calculation for 2011/2012 were still significantly below the current level.
Steinhäuser made it clear that with the low waste water production in the three plants, the expenses for operation and maintenance "hit the ground running".
Schmidt added that the market community had been spared the high maintenance costs of the sewage plants over the past 20 years.
In Steinhäuser's view, the situation for the above-mentioned plants would remain precarious in the long term, especially since the supply area of the Abwasserzweckverband Friesenbachtal could not be extended to include these plants because they were loss-making facilities.
Bulgaria records inflation for the first time in 8 months
National statistics show that inflation in Bulgaria in July was 1% on a monthly basis.
This is the highest value (since June 2012) and the first above zero since October last year, when positive 0.2% was recorded.
The annual average inflation rate over the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared with the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%, measured by the CPI.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) was -0.2% and annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, a price increase was observed in the following groups of consumer goods compared to the previous month: Food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); leisure and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
Prices fell for clothing and shoes (2.2%); furniture, household appliances and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained unchanged from the previous month for alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.
Snapchat "Anime" effect criticized as Asian caricature
Snapchat says that this filter is anime-inspired, but some observers say that it is insensitive to races.
With its filtering tool, Snapchat enables around 150 million daily users to change reality and play with identities in ways that border on the absurd.
You can transform yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a figure that could be from a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The filters are blunt, property-twisting tools that generate more than 30 million improved selfies per day.
All missteps are made public.
Snapchat filters have attracted criticism in the past, accusing the app of promoting Blackface or promoting white skin as an ideal of beauty.
This week, when it suggested a filter to some users that gave them chiney eyes, false teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asians - "yellow face".
They wondered whether these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and outrage were widespread on Wednesday, with reports from The Verge and Motherboard, one day after Snapchat announced it had disabled the feature.
The company offered an excuse: The filter was intended as a tribute to anime characters and not as a caricature of Asians.
But to outsiders who have experienced racism, the filter reminded them of hurtful clichés.
Others firmly rejected the anime comparison.
In an e-mail, Grace Sparapani, a Korean-American art student whose tweets about the photos were widely circulated, wrote that the filter was "hurtful and unpleasant to say the least.
She added that "it is difficult to argue with the juxtaposition of a very repulsive Asian caricature and the filter effects.
It shows that the filter is not yellow-faced, but that the yellow face has been pulled to the pejorative extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company that crosses these cultural stumbling blocks.
American culture seems to be engaged in an endless struggle for diversity and integration, from conference rooms to Hollywood and the devices we all hold in our hands.
And Snapchat's large audience of young people - who are more diverse in race than their older counterparts - might be more likely to expect sensitivity.
If one of Snapchat's filters produces an image that is offensive to a user, "it's much harder for such things to go unnoticed than it used to be," said 25-year-old Katie Zhu in an interview on Thursday.
On Thursday, Zhu, who works as a product manager and engineer for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and asked others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that racial controversy reflected a lack of diversity in Snapchat's hiring practices.
Zhu criticized the largely white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"Either they don't have a diverse representation of people with other skin colors in their workforce so they can make such decisions," said the Chinese-American Zhu, "or they have people with other skin colors working there but not in positions where they feel safe or comfortable to say anything against it.
Others share their opinion, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
The company does not publish figures on the diversity of its workforce and draws attention to its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat refused to discuss the cultural backgrounds of its employees, but according to a spokesperson, the company recently hired a human resources manager to focus on underrepresented groups and internal integration efforts.
For her part, Zhu said that she will keep her Snapchat account closed and added, "I wonder if they need more users like us to be able to say that this is not ok."
Military leadership falsifies ISIS intelligence information, congressional committee notes
Military members of the United States Central Command altered intelligence information to paint a more optimistic picture of the war against the so-called Islamic state in Iraq and Syria than the actual conditions on the ground would have allowed, a Congressional investigative committee reported in a report on Thursday.
The preliminary report, prepared by a task force of Republican members of the Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee, and Defense Budget Committee, reports great dissatisfaction among Central Command intelligence analysts who reported how superiors changed their assessments of American efforts in the fight against the Islamic state.
Central Command, or Cencom for short, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, which controls American military operations in the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence information, typically nodded off by high-ranking Centcom commanders, regularly painted a more positive picture of American efforts against terrorism than actual conditions on the ground would have allowed, and was consistently more positive than analyses by other intelligence agencies," one newspaper article quoted the report as saying.
"What happened at the Centcom is unacceptable - our soldiers suffer when poor analysis is presented to our political leaders," noted Ken Calvert, Republican member of the House of Representatives.
The management mistakes in Centcom extend to the very top of the organization.
The ten-page report details persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in the descriptions and analyses of American efforts in training Iraqi forces.
Although it provides no direct evidence that Obama's top officials have given instructions to change the reports, it does show how analysts have been under pressure from their superiors to paint a more optimistic picture of the threat to the Islamic state, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"During the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and testimonies before Congress were significantly more positive than they actually were," the report stated.
For example, a Centcom member publicly announced that a military reconquest of Mossul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mossul, Iraq's second largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic state.
"After months of investigation, it's clear this much," Mike Pompeo, Republican congressman from Kansas, said in a statement.
From mid-2014 to mid-2015, the tops of Central Command altered intelligence reports to downplay the threat posed by ISIS in Iraq.
The Republicans set up the task force after it was leaked to them that analysts were concerned about the manipulation of reports on the Islamic state.
The report released on Thursday will be completed by more detailed findings as the investigation continues.
In addition, further investigations of Centcom reports by the Inspector General of the Ministry of Defence are underway.
Democratic members of the Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that were consistent with some of the conclusions of the Republican Task Force.
"In 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an excessively restricted process for the preparation of intelligence assessments of ISIL and the Iraqi security services," the senior Democrat on the Committee, House of Representatives member Adam B. Schiff, announced in a statement.
This process, according to Mr Schiff, "delayed the publication of intelligence reports", damaged morale among analysts and "left unduly little room for dissent.
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats stated that they found no evidence of White House intervention in the Centcom analysts regarding a "particular political opinion.
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were published on Tuesday by "The Daily Beast".
Last August, the New York Times reported on investigations by the Inspector General of the Pentagon, which were taken up following complaints by Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon press secretary, stated in a statement that the Department of Defense would not comment on any congressional reports while the Inspector General's investigation was still underway.
But he also stated that "experts sometimes have quite divergent opinions on the interpretation of complex data, and that the intelligence services and the Ministry of Defence welcome a controversial discussion of these important national defence issues.
The investigations have repercussions beyond the question of a successful American-led air campaign in Iraq and Syria (an assertion that is now being made by a growing number of members of the Ministry of Defence).
However, last year's accusations have raised the question of the extent to which President Obama can rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis regions.
The criticism regarding the classified information about the Islamic State recalls disputes from more than ten years ago, when a Centcom analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a paper about how the then government under George W. Bush, contrary to the recommendations of many analysts, planned only a small occupation force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about the consequences of the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key role in the uprising against the current coverage of the Islamic State.
Last year, Mr. Hooker's team, according to government officials, stated that, contrary to what the government said, air strikes against Islamic state-owned refineries would not have a significant impact on the terrorist group's financial situation, as they had started up temporary refineries to sell oil on the black market.
However, this finding was not published, the Times reported in September.
Centcom's former commander, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, was criticized by members of the legislature for his excessively positive assessment of the war situation at a hearing before the Senate.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
The USA win fourth match in women's field hockey, a showdown with Great Britain is imminent
The day after she scored three goals in a 6-1 win over Japan, Katie Bam also scored the first two goals for the American women's field hockey team in a Thursday match against India that the Americans won 3-0.
Five goals in two games should actually be a memorable achievement, but Bam (27) said she could not remember ever having done so.
"I have no idea," she said.
I'm not one of those people who remembers their gates.
But she knows this: the Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic competition and are level with the British in their group, who remain unbeaten after their 2-0 victory over Japan.
Great Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have already qualified for the quarter-finals, and the match will decide which of them will win first and second place within their group of six teams.
The first place winner will avoid the strong Dutch women who are leading the other group a little longer.
Whatever the outcome of Saturday's game, the Americans have caused a surprising stir with their success story, four years after finishing last of 12 places at the previous London Games.
Bam was part of that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania, and had her first hockey stick in her hands when she was three years old (her two older sisters played the sport at Drexel University). At 16, she became a US national player, the youngest in the team's history.
She missed the 2008 Olympics because she was unable to qualify for the squad.
Then came the year 2012, when everything went wrong for her and her team.
The following year Craig Parnham, an Englishman, became coach of the national team and things began to turn for the better.
"A cultural change, a mental change and a physical change," Bam said.
We did not have the workload in London that we have now.
We've turned it around completely.
On Thursday evening Bam opened the scoring in the first half of the game with a backhanded shot from close range.
India had gone into the game without winning the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tenacious and held the score from 1-0 until the third quarter when Bam took the game into their hands.
She made a sprint with the flat ball over the left flank, then moved to the middle and lobbed the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez made the final goal in the middle of the last quarter.
The shutout was the first of the entire tournament for USA goalkeeper Jackie Briggs, who has scored one goal in each of the previous games.
She's on a roll.
Just like Bam.
"We're in a good position," Parnham said, but how good will depend on the result of the next game on Saturday.
In the midst of the rage of the Olympic Games, the Zen of the trampoline
Wherever you are, however late it is, it is the Olympic Games.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inevitable, a frenzied relay race between competition and aspiration.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself were a burning staff, which is passed from crossbowman to swimmer to gymnast to triathlete.
You can't turn on the TV, read a newspaper or listen to your neighbor's conversation in the coffee shop queue without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the fight between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there's Logan Dooley.
Dooley, a first-time Olympic gold medalist and a dimpled women's man, could well have been one of those famous names that are broadcast in prime time, built up by sponsors and feel-good TV commercials, if he were a swimmer, gymnast or even fencer.
But Dooley, 28, from Lake Forest, California, is fighting for gold in Olympic trampolining.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate every event in the same way.
Further from the centre, partly in the shade, there are sports that are not generally recognized: Air pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breaststroke and may it reign for a long time.
But if I may modestly make arguments for my particular favourite, let me draw attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Although trampolining has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it debuted in Sydney, it has been so little noticed for the last 16 years that many of those I interviewed did not know it was an Olympic sport at all.
This could also be regional ignorance.
Although the USA sent athletes to compete, it has never won a medal in trampoline jumping and by 2012 had one athlete who made it to the final round.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to share prices for the men and the Chinese and the Canadians share prices for the women.
Dong Dong from China and Rosie MacLennan from Canada will defend their gold medal from London this year.
Trampoline jumping has a certain outsider charm, partly because it sounds more appropriate for the unenlightened ear for a clown school than the one for the Olympic Games.
At this point I should admit that I am not an expert, but only an earthbound enthusiast.
It has humorous potential - the cartoon-like tremor of its never-ending impact - but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, the two sports it essentially combines.
The word "trampoline" comes from the Spanish el trampoline, which means "springboard."
Aspiring winners jump on a giant trampoline, shoot almost 30 feet into the air and have to perform a series of falling movements (spins, pikes and somersaults) before landing on their feet.
According to the official Olympic programme, they will be judged according to execution, degree of difficulty and "flight time".
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
Medal hopefuls have to go further, faster, up and over in their quest for gold, sometimes to the finish, sometimes back and forth, up and down the playground.
They are not only chasing the finish line or the starting wall, but in the television broadcast another derisive target: that of the world or the Olympic record.
The purposeful striving is noble, admirable, even fanatical - and it is enough to move even a spectator to tears.
But it's also what I find a bit tiring even watching these games.
The trampoline offers a breathing space from this.
The trampoline jumper's vector is up.
Forward movement is not the goal.
He or she bounces, seemingly weightless like an astronaut, goes up, then down, then effortlessly back up again.
Here too there is competition, not without difficulty of course, but during the exercise there is no frantic attack on the target, no arching into the distance, only the dreamy, elegant suspension of time and gravity.
It is as Zen as competition at the Olympic Games can be.
The women's qualifying and final rounds will take place on Friday afternoon, streaming at 13.00 Eastern Time; the men's on Saturday, also at 13.00.
NBC will broadcast the final rounds as part of an afternoon block on both days from 14.00.
In the midst of the Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, nice moment, one that is likely to be overlooked in the general turmoil.
If raising awareness can only be achieved by gawking at and objectifying male athletes - as the male US gymnasts recently suggested, according to The Wall Street Journal - then Mr. Dooley has a new fan base gasping for breath.
"A generation protests" in Ethiopia, Long an ally of the USA
Violent protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political changes in Ethiopia met with violent resistance from the government.
Witnesses testify that tens of protesters were killed in shootings during clashes with police.
Is Ethiopia about to collapse?
Over the last decade it has been one of the most stable countries in Africa, a solid ally of the West with a rapidly growing economy.
But in recent months, protests against the government have shaken the country and spread to more and more areas.
Last week thousands of people stormed the streets and demanded fundamental political changes.
According to human rights organisations, the government's response was ruthless.
Witnesses stated that police officers shot and killed tens of unarmed protesters.
Circulating videos of the protests, probably from last year or earlier this year, show security guards beating young people with sticks while forcing them to do a handstand against a wall.
The head of the UN authority for human rights now demands a thorough investigation.
"It has always been difficult to keep this country together, and it will be even more difficult in the future," said Rashid Abdi, the Horn of Africa project manager for the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the most populous country in Africa after Nigeria and its stability is appreciated by the West.
American military and intelligence agencies are working closely with Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats beyond the region, particularly in Somalia. Few, if any, countries in Africa receive so much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy expanded at a remarkable pace.
Its infrastructure has improved dramatically - there is a new commuter train in the capital Addis Ababa.
The streets are generally quiet, safe and clean.
Although Ethiopia has been anything but a model of democracy - human rights organisations have consistently led the government's repression - the country's opposition has been curtailed, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many were sent into exile or prison, killed or driven into the vastness of the desert.
But that could change.
"When you oppress people and they have no other options but to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole youth protests.
A generation protests.
There are numerous complaints covering everything from land use to stranglehold on the power of the ruling coalition.
After a widely criticised election last year, the ruling party and its allies were given the last seat of the opposition and now control 100 per cent of parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a fight over this jagged, controversial line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatists such as the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, which have been more or less defeated in recent years, could take advantage of the turbulence and rearm themselves.
Several factors explain why feelings of bitterness after years of simmering under the surface now explode.
The first seems harmless: smartphones.
Only in recent years have a large number of Ethiopians been able to communicate using social media, as cheaper smartphones have become more common and Internet services have improved.
Even if the government blocks access to Facebook and Twitter, which it does on a regular basis, especially during protests, many people can still communicate via Internet proxies that hide where they are.
Several young Ethiopians stated that this was how they gathered for protests.
The second factor is that there is more solidarity between the Oromos and Amharas, the two largest ethnic groups in Ethiopia.
The Oromos and Amharas are not natural enemies.
For eons the Amharas, who come from Ethiopia's predominantly Christian highlands, have prospered in politics and economics while exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslims and live in lowland areas.
But that is also changing.
"We are coordinating under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, a leader of the Oromos.
The largest protests took place in areas of the Amhara and Oromos.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel that Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigray ethnic group, which makes up about 6 percent of the population and is dominant in the military, intelligence, trade and politics.
The third reason for the unrest is the death of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years until his death from an undisclosed disease in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could think around corners.
Analysts say he was particularly adept at detecting early signs of dissatisfaction and using special representatives to work opponents and neutralize them.
"The current regime lacks this basic skill," said Mr Abdi, a conflict analyst.
Ethiopia's new Prime Minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was chosen to take over from Mr Meles for relatively obscure reasons.
Unlike Mr Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr Hailemariam came from the south.
Analysts say he does not enjoy the trust of the security services controlled by the Tigray.
Many fear that the result will be more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such an uproar was in 2005, after thousands protested against elections that analysts said were apparently botched by the government and then stolen.
During the raids that followed, many protesters were killed, although fewer than in recent months, and this period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts praised Ethiopia's leaders for their visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, and for their measurable progress in poverty reduction.
But apparently this has not prevented the Ethiopian government's internal resentment from intensifying.
And it takes on a dangerous ethnic form.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an Amharic city, attacked Tigray-run businesses, and hatred of the Tigray is growing in the social media.
Analysts say that the protests put the US and other Western allies in a strange position.
The American government used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighbouring Somalia, although it recently announced that it was closing this base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it does not want its ally to collapse in an already volatile area.
"This," said Mr Abdi, "is a very thin line."
Donald Trump explains his claim that Obama had founded ISIS was "sarcasm
Donald J. Trump tried on Friday to dispel the last controversy surrounding his campaign by stating that his repeated claim that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the terrorist group Islamic State was not meant seriously.
This clarification raised new questions about the communication skills of the Republican presidential candidate, whether he was able to communicate clearly and intelligibly with the American public.
It also puts his comrades-in-arms, who make an effort to protect him during an eventful phase, in the peculiar position of having to explain statements that he might not have meant at all.
After making the implication at a Wednesday night campaign rally, Mr. Trump backpedaled on Thursday's assertion and insisted in interviews that he really did not intend to imply that the President and Mrs. Clinton created ISIS.
But in an early morning tweet on Friday, Mr. Trump said he was just being sarcastic.
The tweet was in contrast to the previous day, when Mr. Trump said in a series of interviews that he meant the accusation completely seriously.
When conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Mr. Trump soften the message by reminding him that Mr. Obama wanted to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential candidate didn't want to know.
The latest storm of criticism has been pouring down on Mr. Trump as he has tried to focus his campaign on the economic situation due to falling poll numbers.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton gave speeches on the Michigan economy this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried to return to this subject again.
Reporting on Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would lead to higher taxes and that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has already used sarcasm in his defense.
At the end of July, he attracted strong criticism when he thought the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, but later he declared "Of course I meant it sarcastically".
This method allows Mr. Trump to shift the language barrier in politics and then row back as needed.
"I think it's one of his methods to test how certain messages are received by his fans, how they are received, and then, if necessary, "clarify" depending on the reaction. " said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who observes the language of both candidates.
But I also think he is clever enough to keep his statements vague enough so that they can be interpreted in different ways.
Instead of defusing the tone for the presidential election, Mr. Trump has taken on an even more corrosive tone as his poll numbers have continued to decline.
A new poll by NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist, published Friday, showed a lead by a wide margin in the states of North Carolina, Virginia, Colorado and a neck-and-neck race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump generally tries not to apologize for his provocative remarks, he often accuses his critics of distorting his statements or misinterpreting his humor.
But while he has been the focus of increased attention in the final months of his presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have put his loyal supporters in the uncomfortable position of having to stand by him no matter how provocative his statements may be.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, former mayor of New York and one of Trump's most prominent advocates, took great pains to defend the candidate today in a CNN interview on Thursday.
"I think what he is saying is legitimate political commentary" said Mr. Giuliani when asked about the accuracy of Mr. Trump's statements about whether Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton founded the Islamic State.
It is true in this sense that before Obama ISIS was an almost unknown, small organization, he called them backbenchers, completely wrong and that is why it happened, because he withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the Obama administration, in which Mrs. Clinton served as Secretary of State, allowed ISIS to expand by failing to aggressively control the situation in the Middle East.
Before the Pennsylvania campaign rallies on Friday, Mr. Trump continued his attacks on the media, accusing them of harping on every word he said and of being biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, pathetic" television experts who try to understand him and said, "You can't!
Some of the Democrats mocked Mr. Trump's apology as just another proof that he was unfit for president.
Once driven out of the market by price, Café in Greenpoint is coming back
Verb Cafe was a seedy café in Williamsburg where you could only pay cash, which had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
Of course, the prices pushed prices out of his Bedford Avenue store front.
The shop Soap Cherie, which Verb replaced in summer 2014, sells soap in the form of cupcakes.
Locals mourned it as the last loss in a gentrifying city.
Artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "I know New York is change, but I still can't believe CBGB is dead, the Chelsea Hotel is cleaned out, and Verb is now a soap shop."
But if New York is change, then it's reinvention.
A revitalized Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of its original location.
The new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards, but still has some of the same staff and a similarly simple atmosphere.
The coffee's still good too.
The new owner of the verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a long-time employee of the old café, who is the owner and manager of the new café.
He started working at Verb in 2001 and stayed there until the end.
When a client offered to provide funds for a new field office, he was excited to do it, he said.
Rodriguez, 36, retained many things.
Verb used the same distributor for the bagels bought the same espresso machine model .
It even uses the same lamps from the old verb.
But Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment too.
He introduced new ingredients.
On the menu are sandwiches with bacon and cheese and there are garnishes such as capers and sautéed onions.
There are natural rice bowls.
The café no longer serves beer, but fresh juices are available.
After nine months, Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regulars.
"Many old customers were also driven out of Williamsburg by prices," he said.
Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer recently on a Sunday.
Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and visited the verb regularly.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would take the road.
After the verb had closed, she gave up drinking coffee for a while, she said.
"I realized it was the coffee and the culture in the verb I liked," she said.
Now she drinks coffee again, even though that day she ordered a blended chai tea instead of her usual iced coffee, which is another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal has been another longstanding and loyal customer since the beginning of Verb in 2003.
He went there before work and inevitably always ordered the same thing.
"I came a quarter past seven, every day, like a Swiss watch, and they prepare my everything bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and add new ingredients to the menu.
Nowadays Rosenthal still gets his usual order, but sometimes he alternates his Everything-Bagel with bacon, egg and cheese.
Rodriguez said that he had no grudge about the soap business taking over the old premises.
In fact, the owners of the soap cherie offered to make a special soap for verb with the café's cold-brewed coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we'll take you up on your offer," Rodriguez said.
And the traditional Polish inhabitants of Greenpoint have also accepted the café.
A new client has translated the menu into Polish and Rodriguez said he plans to display it soon so that his new neighbours feel welcome.
The location also has other advantages.
A local juice shop wants to bottle and sell the cold brewed coffee.
There's a chance the café could expand to a neighboring building.
For many customers a new verb is enough to get their old favorites.
Joseph Witt was a regular customer and said he was devastated when the café closed.
When the new cafe opened, Whitt said that entering the place and ordering a new coffee felt like coming home.
"I had to smell that," he said.
The depressing food of the economic crisis in "an abundant meal
In March 1933, shortly after his rise to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt took his lunch in the Oval Office.
As a gourmet, President Roosevelt had a penchant for sophisticated Fifth Avenue delicacies like pâte de foie gras and Maryland turtle soup.
His menu that day was a little more modest: stuffed eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and for dessert a plum pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with suffering people," said Jane Ziegelman.
Her husband Andrew Coe added, "It was also a message to Americans about how they should eat."
The couple lives in Brooklyn Heights and are both food historians.
Coe's last book "Chop Suey" was about Chinese cuisine in the USA, while Ziegelman's book "97 Orchard" tells about life in a house on the Lower East Side from a food perspective.
Their latest collaboration, "A Decent Meal", which will be published on Tuesday by Harper Verlag, illustrates the history of American cuisine during the Great Depression.
They showed culinary solidarity when they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a small, no-frills snack in the Flatiron District that has been in business since the 1929 stock market crash.
Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese sandwich with pieces of olive, while Coe, 57, ate turkey with mashed potatoes and mixed vegetables.
When the reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple found it appropriate for a discussion about food in the era of the Great Depression.
"Rich foods were very popular," said Ziegelman.
There was peanut bread, meat loaf and bean bread.
They were prepared from an ingredient and something cheap that stretches the ingredient.
Imagine eating so many peanuts that they serve them as dinner.
Coe grinned.
"It must have settled in the stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Great Depression, the table in an American household, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Teams of women cooked for male field workers and freshly baked pâté was served for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was the Americans who sent food to starving Europeans during the First World War. "A Square Meal" records the ways in which the country dealt with the fact that it was no longer a land of milk and honey.
"It was a time when food became a central, tense topic for Americans," Coe explained why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
The new budget diet was just as tense: mysterious dishes such as bread and casseroles became staple foods, and the casserole was seen as a "wonderful way to recycle leftovers," Ziegelman noted, as cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced by cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, which for years was the focal point of American cuisine, became a rarely served luxury.
Peculiar mixtures were tried out, as a high-calorie and nutritious satisfaction took precedence over taste or even common sense.
During her research for the book, which also includes recipes, Ziegelman prepared a dish from this era, baked onions with peanut butter.
"It wasn't a popular lunchtime addition," Coe says.
Ziegelmann continues, "It was surreal."
Peanut butter and baked onions do not go together.
It was typical for many of the home economics recipes.
As never before or since then, household economists - including Louise Stanley, head of the Federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - have driven the country's eating habits to such heights.
By publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "household politicians" and to meet the challenge of transforming slop like creamy spaghetti with carrots into delicious meals.
"A Square Meal" is a celebration of historical tidbits.
Especially tasty are the reports about the government's response to the starving citizens, such as President Herbert Hoover's last-me-cake-eating attitude.
While publicly praising the simple Iowa farmhouse kitchen of his kitchen, he dined like the millionaire man of the world he has become.
"He liked continental food like fish with cucumber sauce," Coe said.
He ate in an almost gilded dining room and wore a dinner jacket.
He was deliciously unrealistic.
President Roosevelt might have made the same mistake if his wife Eleanor had not asked him to make an example with his stomach.
As described in the book, the hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavors by Mrs. Roosevelt resulted in the White House producing not only the most boring food in Washington, but also one of the dreariest prepared."
Many of the ways of dealing with food from the Great Depression era were discarded as soon as the country was back on its feet.
The legacy lies in our continued focus on calories and food, Ziegelman said, and how science has been applied to food.
When writing the book, the couple claimed to have better understood Ziegelman's mother-in-law's eating habits - for example, how she could not throw away food.
"She had a real fear of wasting food," Coe said.
Ziegelman remembered, "She actually made people sick."
There was the cream puff incident.
After clearing the plates at Eisenberg's, she and Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home: the plum dessert that President Roosevelt had for lunch.
"It's called the Prune Whip," Ziegelman said, adding that it was a common trick to give modest recipes a fancy name.
There was no whipped cream, only plums, some flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone dipped a spoon into the tough, brown goo a little reluctantly.
Surprisingly, it didn't taste that bad.
Coe got seconds three times.
Like a can-do budget man, he told his wife, "A few chopped walnuts would help."
Killed in a bombing raid: He was the hero of Aleppo
He risked his own life to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the people of Syria.
He risked everything to save others' lives.
Now the 30-year-old himself has died in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets", a civil defence group which, according to the Bild-Zeitung, has so far saved the lives of almost 60,000 people.
2900 volunteers risk their own lives to pull people out of bombed-out houses and to provide first aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: a video of the civilian gunman showing him during an 11-hour rescue of an infant from the rubble of a house went around the world in 2014.
It made the Syrian a shining symbol in the horror of war.
But he never saw himself as a hero, said according to the picture: "For me this is the real Jihad."
"If I die saving lives, I think God sees me as a martyr."
Shortly before Omar himself fell victim to an attack, he had talked about the latest bomb attacks in Syria in a video.
The helicopters dropped four barrel bombs on the Alzadia district, one was filled with chlorine gas.
One woman and two children died, seven people suffer from respiratory distress.
"We are now removing the poisonous remains of the bomb so that children will not play with it," the picture quotes his last words before he died.
The Assad regime's deadly bomb was meant to hit terrorists.
Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
Rare sight.
Greenland sharks usually only come to the surface in winter.
This shark was allowed back into the sea after an examination on board the research vessel Sanna.
He was born in 1624 and swims through the North Atlantic at just over 1 km/h - until today.
Greenland sharks do not get offspring until they are 150 years old.
The Greenland shark swims leisurely along the bottom of the North Atlantic, in one hour it reaches an average of 1,220 metres.
Only when it really counts does the five-meter-long animal accelerate to a whopping 2.6 km/h - and at this top speed it is half as fast as a seal.
However, this lifestyle characterised by slowness seems to be a patent remedy for old age.
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues report in the journal "Science" at any rate about a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"Madness", comments Alexander Scheuerlein of the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock on this life span, which is a world record for vertebrates.
Although the evolutionary biologist has long suspected that Greenland sharks are becoming stone-age, he has not been able to prove it.
Only there was no evidence.
Greenland sharks are difficult to observe, after all they live mainly in the Arctic Ocean off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Svalbard.
Because they prefer water temperatures around six degrees Celsius, they usually only appear on the surface in winter.
Researchers know correspondingly little about the lifestyle of Greenland sharks.
They measured their slow-motion speed when they equipped six animals with a transmitter outside Svalbard.
Nevertheless, these sharks still make prey: researchers found the remains of a seal in the stomach of one animal, another had swallowed the jawbone of a young polar bear.
They may hunt sleeping animals or patrol the bottom of the Arctic Ocean looking for carcasses staggering down from higher water layers.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues have now examined 28 Greenland sharks that fishermen took as by-catch from the depths of the North Atlantic between 2010 and 2013 off Greenland or Spitsbergen.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest measured 502 centimetres.
To determine the age of the animals, they analyzed the sharks' lens core using the carbon-14 method.
This center of the eye lens is formed before the sharks are born, the proteins contained in it are not renewed later.
The two smallest sharks had a striking amount of carbon-14 in their lens core.
Their birth was therefore supposed to be after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapon tests threw large quantities of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
In contrast, the lens nucleus of the third-smallest animal at 220 centimetres in length contained a small surplus of carbon-14 from the nuclear weapon tests, so it is likely to have celebrated its 50th birthday when it was examined in 2012.
All larger Greenland sharks, on the other hand, had normal amounts of carbon-14 in their lens core, which is produced by cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon-14 clock showed an age of 335 years for a 493 centimeter long Greenland shark, while the record shark with 502 centimeters might even be 392 years old.
It was known that female Greenland sharks only have offspring when they are longer than four metres.
Now the researchers were able to assign an age to the length.
Since one of the animals was probably on the threshold of sexual maturity at 392 centimetres and its age was determined at 156 years, Greenland sharks obviously take at least a century and a half to reproduce.
This, too, should be a world record for vertebrates at the moment.
That such Methuselahs live above all in icy waters is no coincidence.
The previous record holder, a 211-year-old bowhead whale with a 120-year-old harpoon tip stuck into the bacon on its neck, was also caught off Alaska.
Due to the low temperatures, the organisms of the animals living there often run on a low flame.
So they mature later - and age more slowly.
In order to keep warm in cold water, the animals also often become particularly large.
This is because the volume grows much faster than its surface, through which the animal loses heat.
The heat loss of one gram of mouse is therefore much greater than that of one gram of elephant.
Another advantage: You have fewer enemies.
"A smaller animal therefore lives more dangerously and should concentrate on having as many offspring as possible as early as possible," explains evolutionary biologist Scheuerlein.
A very large animal on the other hand should rather invest its resources in a long life.
Building ground in a double pack
In its most recent meeting, the municipal council focused on topics related to construction.
With relief, the committee took up the announcement by Mayor Robert Putz that "finally the marketing of the recently designated residential areas can begin".
Now that the land, parcelling and development issues have been clarified and the applications for surveying have been submitted, there is nothing to prevent the sale of the plots in the residential building areas "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (area Binderstraße - development section 1) to interested parties.
The municipal council is convinced that the building areas in the rural and quiet residential community of Schönau appeal equally to young families and sprightly senior citizens.
As it was said, those willing to build can register in the town hall with immediate effect, and the municipal council will probably discuss the allocation of the plots in its September meeting.
In order to also be able to meet requests for the settlement of further commercial enterprises in connection with the creation of jobs, the municipal council decided to amend the land use plan, which was only drawn up in spring this year, in some areas.
In the area of Unterzeitlarn, for example, the commercial area already designated there will be extended by two plots in the direction of the state road 2112.
Frankfurt profits from brexite
The city on the Main therefore has the best chances of attracting jobs and companies relocated from London in competition with Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg.
"It is very likely that Frankfurt will benefit most from the brexit vote," says Michael Voigtländer, head of the IW's Financial Markets and Real Estate Markets competence area.
Following the brexite referendum, it is uncertain whether financial institutions will be allowed to continue to conduct financial transactions throughout the EU from London.
For the so-called EU passport, they have so far only needed a licence in Great Britain.
Large US banks are currently taking advantage of this.
Several banks have already announced that they will relocate jobs.
The lobby association "Frankfurt Main Finance" expects 10,000 new jobs to be created on the Main within five years.
According to the IW, Frankfurt is home to the European Central Bank (ECB), which combines responsibility for monetary policy and supervision of the largest banks in the eurozone, as well as other important authorities such as the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority (EIOPA) and the Risk Council (ESRB).
Although the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has its headquarters in Paris, it is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"Proximity to the central bank is important for banks because it allows them to communicate directly with the supervisory authority," says IW Professor Voigtländer.
Luxembourg is home to a large fund industry, but, like Dublin, it has a poorer infrastructure.
Frankfurt is much easier to reach thanks to the large airport.
The city also scores with easily available commercial real estate.
"In Paris it is not at all easy to find free high-quality offices", says Voigtländer.
In addition, rents for first-class commercial properties on the Seine are 50 percent higher than on the Main.
In addition, Frankfurt offers a higher quality of life than the competition thanks to good medical care and infrastructure and less crime.
In a ranking by the management consultancy Mercer, the city is ranked seventh, Luxembourg 19th, Dublin 33rd and Paris 37th.
Even if quality of life is a question of preferences: "With its already strong position as a financial location for the European internal market, Frankfurt could attract more banks and investors," the IW concludes.
Despite the brexite vote, London will remain the most important financial centre in Europe, the economic researchers believe.
The balance of power also speaks for this: According to figures from Landesbank Helaba, around 144,000 people were working in the banking sector in London at the end of 2015, compared with 6,2500 in Frankfurt.
Gilead receives legal fees from the Hepatitis C patent dispute with Merck
A U.S. District Court Judge ruled that Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to reimbursement of legal costs incurred by it in the Hepatits C litigation with the pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc.
In June, Gilead was released from a $200 million payment of damages for infringement of two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni after a U.S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck, including perjury and other unethical acts.
In filing the suit on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said Gilead is entitled to a waiver of costs incurred during the defense of the case.
Merck is trying to catch up with Gilead, which dominates the market of a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure over 90 percent of patients with liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013, when Gilead and Merck sued each other and claimed ownership of laboratory work based on sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
US-backed troops say they have regained complete control of Manbij from the Islamic state
US-backed troops have regained complete control of the northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last IS fighters in the city left it, a group spokesman said Friday.
The Democratic Forces of Syria (DKS) are currently combing the city after the remaining group of fighters who have buried themselves inside the city has left.
They have freed over 2,000 civilians held hostage by the fighters, Sharfan Darwish told Reuters, the DKS allied Manbij military council.
"The city is now under complete control, but we are in the process of cleaning up," he told Reuters.
Clintons earn 10.75 million in 2015 and pay 34.2% federal taxes
Hillary Clinton released her 2015 tax return on Friday, which showed the Democratic presidential candidate and her husband earned USD 10.75 million and an effective federal tax rate of 34.2%.
In 2015, the Clintons donated USD 1 million to charity, mainly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton earned nearly USD 5.3 million in speech fees; the former Secretary of State declared a USD 3 million income from the publisher Simon & Schuster for her book about her tenure in the State Department.
Clinton's vice presidential candidate, Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife Anne Holton, publishes his tax returns for the past ten years.
They paid an effective federal tax rate of 20.3% in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set standards for financial transparency," Clinton campaigner Jennifer Palmieri announced in a statement.
In stark contrast, Donald Trump hides behind false excuses and backdrops on his promises to publish his tax returns.
It is common for US presidential candidates to file their tax returns, although they are not required to do so by law.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his attorneys have cited a tax audit by the tax authorities as the reason for his refusal.
"It's your move," Clinton's campaign aide Ian Sams wrote on Twitter, in reference to the release of the Democratic presidential candidate.
On Thursday, Michael Cohen, Trump's special advisor, told CNN that he would not allow Trump to release anything until the tax audits were completed.
Trump's critics, including the Republican presidential candidate for 2012, Mitt Romney, have already stated that his refusal raises questions about his assets, his donations to charities, his business practices and various other connections, particularly with Russia.
Clinton has already jumped on the subject and on Friday posted a video on the Internet in which high-ranking Republicans ask Trump to publish his tax return.
On Thursday she also addressed the issue during a speech on the economy in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate has done in recent decades and publish his tax returns," she told the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid no or very little tax for two years during the 1990s, and an economics journalist in the New York Times quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants on Friday as saying that this could still be the case.
Federal taxes have become an issue in the election campaign.
Clinton supports a scheme named after billionaire and investor Warren Buffett, which would ensure that people who earn more than USD 1 million pay a tax rate of at least 30%.
President Obama also supports the proposal.
During a campaign rally for Hillary Clinton last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway industrial conglomerate is based here, called on Trump to meet to exchange her tax returns.
Buffett said he had also been subject to an IRS tax audit and Trump was "afraid" of the voters and not the tax authorities.
Clinton's campaign has published tax returns dating back to 2007.
The Clintons now living in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of approximately 32% between 2007 and 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5%.
The Clintons' 2015 tax return showed that they received only USD 100 of their income as wages, unlike most Americans.
Their main investment was a low-cost index fund, from which the Clintons taxed dividends and income of USD 109,000.
With contributions by Kevin Drawbaugh; edited by Jonathan Otis
Condoms with chili powder, fireworks promote Tanzania's elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania are using an unorthodox way to stop elephants from entering human settlements - they throw condoms filled with chili powder at them.
The method has proven to be effective and the Honeyguide Foundation, which had the idea years ago, together with the US Conservation Society has intensified its support by training volunteers in villages in northern Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step method to protect their homes and crops without harming animals.
Before, many have used spears to defend themselves.
Friday is World Elephant Day, which is dedicated to animal welfare.
"Since we started this... Toolkit, we have seen a change in attitude within these communities, who are much more confident that they can keep the elephants from their fields without harming the elephants," said Damian Bell, CEO of Honeyguide, in a statement.
The first two steps include lighting the elephant with a torch and blowing into a horn.
If he is not deterred, a so-called "chili cloud" is thrown.
Chilli powder mixed with earth is packed together with a firecracker in a condom, the end of which is twisted up to the fuse.
When lit, the condom bursts open with a bang and sprays fine dust of chili powder into the air.
A breath quite usually already out to chase the elephant away.
A last possibility is a thrower who shoots a golden rain firework into the air, causing a loud, bright explosion.
City council decides unanimously: No new kiosk building on the St. Goar Rhine bank
Normally, the people of St. Goar accept investment projects from businesses with a kissing hand - after all, the retail trade in the city centre is considered to be significantly expandable.
However, the city council has now unanimously rejected the application for the construction of a new sales kiosk on the banks of the Rhine in the immediate vicinity of the Rhine balcony which is currently under construction.
"In principle we welcome new businesses, but this kiosk does not fit in at this exposed location on the banks of the Rhine," explained Michael Hubrath for the CDU parliamentary group.
Jewish director smashes Berlin hotel because Israeli primary code was removed after "Arab" request - RT News
A French director with Jewish roots unleashed a media uproar after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin did not list an Israeli area code because, according to a staff member, Arab guests "requested" it.
Claude Lanzmann, author of the Holocaust documentary "Shoah", left out his anger at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin by writing an open letter to the German newspaper FAZ.
During his last stay Lanzmann tried to find Israel on the hotel's country selection list.
However, the country was not listed between the countries that can be called directly from the hotel room.
How is it possible in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and erased?
wrote Lanzmann.
Instead, the Kempinksi Bristol offers a way to dial Israel through its own call center.
Looking for an explanation, the director turned to the hotel reception desk.
The answer he received there "shocked him," as Lanzmann wrote.
The hotel employee said that the measure was a "deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski Hotels.
The reason behind this triggered even more anger in the director.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they have requested that the area code be deleted," the employee was quoted by Lanzmann.
The Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called this a "great shame", reports the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
We were horrified and dismayed by this event.
This is really very embarrassing.
The fact that this happened in Germany in exactly this hotel chain is even more disgraceful.
That needs no explanation.
We expect the hotel "to draw the right conclusions," said the official.
The incident caused quite a stir on the Internet, with people calling the whole thing a scandal.
Some insinuated that the Kempinski Hotel had "given in" to the alleged requests of Arab guests.
"Shame on you," was the title of another article, which pointed out that the hotel, which is located on the noble Kurfürstendamm, is close to a synagogue.
The hotel quickly dismissed all accusations and called the incident an "oversight" and "apologized" to Lanzmann, reports Der Spiegel.
"There was never a direct instruction" not to include Israel in the speed-dial list," the Süddeutsche Zeitung quoted a spokesman of the Kempinski Hotel.
It adds that the country code is now added.
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against the government's reforms to the public education system.
The police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The difficulties began when police officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstrations to express their dismay at the plans.
According to the proposals of the Governor of the State of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, slightly less than 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be implemented to save money.
Some of the protesters were seen spraying graffiti on walls against the interim president Michel Temer.
The latest protests occurred a few days after demonstrators took to the streets en masse in support of suspended President Dilma Rousseff, who had been removed from office by a Senate vote to dismiss her.
Trade between Russia & Iran suddenly rises to 71 % - RT Business
With the lifting of the sanctions, according to the Russian ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan, the trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran grew by 70.9 percent year-on-year.
Since the international sanctions against Iran were lifted, Russian companies have become increasingly interested in doing business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are establishing existing links with Iran, while new firms are ready to enter the market.
Of course, further trade expansion is one of the top priorities of bilateral cooperation with Iran," Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that trade turnover between Russia and Iran in the first five months of 2016 increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period in 2015 and amounted to $856 million.
In particular, Russian imports to Iran jumped 91.5 percent to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $158 million.
The increase in trade was achieved through deliveries of machinery, land vehicles and weapons," said the ambassador.
Dzhagaryan expects a record number of Iranian tourists in Russia this year.
Last year the Russian mission abroad issued around 35,000 visas, primarily travel visas, to Iranian citizens.
Furthermore, Iran reached the top 20 countries in terms of the number of tourists in Russia.
One could say that the record numbers of Iranian tourists in Russia last year, will be broken, "he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians visit Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I personally can recommend a visit to the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd, which have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition," he said.
Witnesses wanted: Beverage market raided in Waldbröl
A robbery has been committed on Thursday evening at the beverage market of Rewe XXL at the Waldbröler Gerberstraße.
At the point of a firearm, three dark-dressed persons, who had disguised their faces, demanded cash from the employee of the beverage market and then fled, first on foot and then presumably in a silver VW Golf.
How much money was captured is not disclosed by the police.
The perpetrators are said to have been between 1.60 and 1.70 metres tall, i.e. relatively small.
The drinks market is directly accessible from the parking deck of the Rewe Market and is difficult to see.
After the robbery, the perpetrators must have run in the direction of Gerberstraße, Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg and fled from the gravel parking lot opposite the parking garage entrance with the silver-colored car, possibly in the direction of the B 256 (Schladernring).
Anyone who has made observations at the time of the crime (around 19.45) that are connected with the robbery should report to the police urgently.
Nagold: Fun and games in summertime
Eight beautiful and happy days were spent by the children and teenagers of the socio-pedagogical day group/social group work of the Kinderschutzbund Nagold with their carers at their summer camp in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
During the first week of the school holidays, the lively group was accommodated in the quietly situated Hardtwäldle recreation centre.
Several full day excursions were on the program.
On the one hand we went to Bretten with the visit of the petting zoo.
On the other hand to Maulbronn, where there was a special guided tour for children in the world-famous monastery.
The third excursion led to Pforzheim.
In the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf the group learned a lot about the everyday life and the food of the Celts.
On the hot days, the group enjoyed themselves at the Tiefensee in Maulbronn, which invited them to jump, swim and splash around.
Culinary delights for children and caregivers were provided in the form of home-made favourite dishes such as Saurer Spätzle, Seebronner Pfännle, Iselshauser-Bloff, English Breakfast and Tübinger Bolognese.
In workshops, batik was done, beautiful pieces of jewellery were created from pearls and stones or a Roman mill game was made from wood.
Further highlights of the leisure time were fishing in a nearby pond, the evenings by the fire and the concluding "colourful evening".
On the day of the journey home, the sun was shining and the children and young people returned home satisfied.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims to the Gate of Mercy
The altar boys from the pastoral care unit Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna were on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
Together they mastered four stages.
In order to bridge the time until the next Rome pilgrimage of all altar servers in probably two years, the St. Anna senior altar server decided to prepare and carry out a pilgrimage of several days.
Various pilgrimage destinations were examined and finally the bishop's city of Freiburg was chosen, where this year, on the occasion of the Holy Year of Mercy, a special pilgrimage destination was offered with the Gate of Mercy at Freiburg Cathedral, which was opened for this purpose.
16 Minis from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern set off.
The evening before Father Storost sent the pilgrims out in a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrim crosses and gave the pilgrim blessing.
From Horb, the train took them to the starting point in Villingen, where there is also a cathedral of Our Lady, and so the pilgrimage from the cathedral began.
The individual day tours were framed in the morning and evening by a short impulse with different prayers, songs and written texts.
But also on the way the minis stopped at field crosses, chapels or churches to sing a song from a specially compiled pilgrim songbook.
For the overnight stays, parsonages of the local parishes were available.
At the stage finishes Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller provided for a tasty as well as fortifying dinner and breakfast.
On the second day we continued via Furtwangen to Gütenbach.
The next day we started the stage to St. Peter, which was the most strenuous part of the journey, as we had to descend about 500 metres in the muggy heat and then climb it again.
The well-deserved reward was a barbecue together at the Badweiher in the evening.
After the morning impulse on the fourth pilgrimage day in the imposing monastery church of St. Peter, the final stage of the journey to Freiburg began.
Visibly relieved and happy, the minis arrived at the Freiburg Cathedral in the late afternoon and passed through the Gate of Mercy.
With a small impulse, thanks was given to God here.
In the evening mass in the cathedral the minis arrived at the pilgrims' destination were welcomed by co-operator Markus Obert.
After the service the pilgrims could visit the sacristy and the high altar.
The next day there was still time for the Breisgaum metropolis.
In the afternoon we went back to Horb by train.
In the end all participants agreed that the days were marked by spirituality and a strong community experience.
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Briton wins gold for cycling
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory last night in the men's team sprint at the Velodrome in Rio as the British team defended the London 2012 title.
The 23-year-old from Glasgow took up the anchor role that his compatriot Sir Chris Hoy had made his own. The youngster made the legend proud as he stormed home to claim a victory from the favourites New Zealand.
England claimed a shocking victory four years ago, while Hoy claimed the fifth of six Olympic gold medals.
They repeated the trick after only a modest sixth place at the track world championships in London in March despite Hoys resignation.
The problem between Beijing and London was the replacement of the driver Jamie Staff.
They did so in time when Hindes showed up.
Hoys retirement created a gap which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was the man they stayed with when they saw potential in the Scotsman now unfolding.
Hindes, Kenny - who won with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in the qualifying rounds, but in the standard rounds the New Zealanders won in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was just behind after his lap, but Kenny brought the team forward and Skinner held it.
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding in a higher gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and especially Skinner to maintain the pace.
Hoy watched from his position as BBC expert and caught the attention of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes as they climbed to the podium.
23-year-old Skinner from Glasgow said, "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just here to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the final round and defeated the world champions.
It was just incredible.
There is no better way to win this.
After the 2012 triumph at the side of Kenny and Hoys, Hindes admitted that he deliberately fell on the track after a weak start.
He later retracted this statement and there was no objection from England's rival.
With such an outstanding victory there was no such problem this time.
Hindes said, "It feels like London with all those GB flags in the stands."
We have come together as a team over the last three months.
We came off so badly at so many world titles that it was incredible to win at the Olympics again.
This is an event, a gold medal for the nation, seven out of ten titles won in both Beijing and London.
If this is a barometer of our progress in the last five months, then we can expect five successful days at the Velodrom.
With Kenny's form, it is within the realm of possibility that he will repeat Hoys victory of three Olympic gold medals in one competition.
That would mean a haul of six gold medals and one silver medal for Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who was also born on March 23rd (an apparently sacred date for British sport; Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister were also born on that day).
That would be like Hoy's.
Kenny is next in the sprint, which starts today and will last for three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said, "I'm just enjoying this for the moment."
The team event is always the best.
You can win it with your colleagues.
It feels a little lonely winning alone.
Hindes said, "If he wins two more gold medals, he should be knighted."
It was the only medal competition of the day, but there was more good news for England.
Sir Bradly Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified with the fastest performance in the four four kilometer race.
They arrived at their destination in 3:51,942.
The world record that won gold in London in 2012 was 3:51,659.
The first and final round (22.42) will take place today on the second day of the competition, where Wiggins will certainly be in the spotlight.
He had argued with officials yesterday before the qualification when officials called him to measure his height.
In the corresponding women's competition, which will be continued and finished tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in world record time in 4:13,260.
The GB Team relies on its strong track cycling team to dominate the middle period of the Olympics and win a host of medals.
After a truly extraordinary display of absolute dominance in Beijing and London, expectations for Rio were lowered.
There were dramas in the background, such as the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amidst allegations of sexism and bullying, and the retirement of such greats as Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
But when you look at the first evening of the competition at the Velodrom, it looks like the now legendary reputation of GB, which reached its climax at the perfect moment, could be repeated.
Future of Portland smelter questionable due to cancellation of the energy contract
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - as well as hundreds of workers' jobs - is at stake as the plant operator will terminate the energy supply contract, thereby cancelling all supply contracts, according to the supplying energy company.
This step followed the decision of the government in Victoria earlier this year not to grant any further subsidies for the operation of the plant.
A subsidy fixed for 20 years expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs at Alcoa's Portland plant are at stake.
No fewer than 2000 jobs - direct as well as indirect - could be at risk in the event of closure.
There could also be domino effects, as the smelter consumes around 10 percent of Victoria's total electricity production.
In 2014 Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter, which led to the closure of the Anglesea power plant last year.
Alcoa's smelter in Portland is losing money and risks closure.
This step follows years of speculation about the future of the plant, originally as a result of the strong Australian dollar and more recently because of the price of electricity for the plant.
AGL, which supplies the large aluminium smelter with its Loy Yang A power plant in Latrobe Valley, announced that it expects three other owners to terminate their contracts.
The plant is majority-owned by a joint venture between Alcoa and Alumina, of which the Chinese company CITIC and the Japanese Marubeni Corp hold smaller shares.
"'AGL expects the Portland plant to continue to operate, which means that there will be further physical demand for electricity from the smelter,' the company stated.
AGL further stated that the contracts were so-called "hedging transactions" which should have come into effect from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month notice period, so that they will end in 2017.
"Therefore, AGL expects the contracts to contribute to revenues in fiscal year 17," said the electricity supplier.
Any potential impact on revenue on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the forecasts of strong wholesale electricity futures markets.
AGL announced that it had already written off the value of the contracts in its financial statements in the amount of $187 million in "expectation of termination".
Alcoa said that the decision to write off the contracts would undermine Alcoa's "ability... to operate the smelter or to ensure the power supply to the smelter'.
The US company said it signed a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010, which should have come into force from November this year, although it still owes an explanation as to why it withdrew from the contract.
Analysts are warning of the possible closure of the Portland smelter in Victoria and the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economic conditions in the industry.
Referring to analysts' statements earlier this week, Head of Operations Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland consumes about 600 megawatts of electricity annually and Tomago about 900 megawatts.
If both plants were to disappear from the market, this would mean a significant reduction in demand on the [electricity market].
And that would not be good for us as power generators," he said.
More than just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of the manager and mother of the Kardashian-Jenner clan Kris is on the cover of the coveted September issue of US Vogue.
Kendall, who is Estee Lauder's brand ambassador and who ran at Fashion Weeks in Milan, Paris and New York, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room full of people I love, the sight of this cover made me cry," Kendall wrote.
The unveiling of the cover was followed by a bizarre (or just Keeping Up with the Kardashians like?), scripted reality video showing the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (except for the problematic cases of Rob and Caitlyn and in the presence of everyone's favorite showbiz uncle and producer of Keeping Up Ryan Seacrest) forgetting their sister's cover and ending with a classic twist: they all planned a surprise party.
This is the clichéd plot of almost every birthday episode of a children's show (Seacrest brought the phrase, "You thought we'd forgotten you?," with the honesty of a cartoon rabbit on an 8 a.m. slot), but Kris had to somehow let her other girls participate in that publicity.
In view of the September issue of Vogue, a new era of the Kardashians has certainly begun.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her as far as the Vogue cover is concerned (she and her husband Kanye West were on it in April 2014), but the cover of the September issue of the magazine is in a league of its own.
The September issue is the best selling issue of the year for Vogue.
With a volume that resembles more an illustrated book than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a large number of advertisers (according to Fashionista, 615 pages of the 832 pages of the tome were advertising).
The unveiling of his cover star is so eagerly awaited that in the last two years pictures of the magazine leaked out even before the official announcement.
Women who have been on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, there were clearly more "celebrities who model" than "models who are celebrities" on the cover.
Oscar winner and Dior brand ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was on the cover in 2013, one year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But even with the slim chance that Mrs. Jenner - described by the magazine as the "breakthrough model" of her generation - falls into the former category, she is in good company.
These celebrities are not related to famous people or reality stars or teenagers of today who know how to make a good snapchat video (even if all of them apply to Jenner).
They are truly talented women who excel in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on the last cover, had one of the most successful years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course not everybody likes Jenner's success.
With her reality TV story, Jenner's position in the fashion world was always a bit tense.
In June, former Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticized Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them "the bitches of the moment.
These feelings came up again when the news came out with the appearance of Jenner on the Vogue cover.
But riding on the displeasure seems to miss the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September issue of Vogue.
She is literally a supermodel.
She's running for Marc Jacobs.
She's advertising your Estee Lauder foundation.
She and all her sisters sell you pictures of themselves on their respective paywall apps.
She sells pictures she took of Cindy Crawford's daughter to the magazine LOVE.
And in her spare time she can be seen on reality TV. Probably just to see her sister Kourtney and her kids.
Community law centres turn away 160,000 people annually
More than 160,000 of the country's most vulnerable people are turned away from the local justice centres each year, while the industry is preparing for the impact of further cuts in funding on already overburdened transactions.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly elderly people, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those who have no resources for unjust evictions and the like - are already turned away when they apply for free legal advice and legal aid.
Legal services of the municipality, which are already overused, are getting ready for further cuts.
As of June next year, these legal centers are expected to lose another 30 percent of their federal funding.
The director of Queesland's community rights centres, James Farrell, said that the latest survey by the National Association of Community Rights Centres showed that thousands of people are already being turned away every year.
Farrell said the situation would only get worse without a reversal of the federal government's decision.
"Queensland's community rights centres are chronically underfunded, which means thousands of people are turned away from essential services you need," he said.
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crushing debts, families going through separations, workers unfairly dismissed - all these people have problems of a legal nature and this survey shows that they cannot get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 percent from June 2017, which means that thousands of more vulnerable people from Queensland will be forced to cope with their legal problems without any help.
We are calling on George Brandis, Attorney General and Federal Justice Minister and Senators of Queensland, to immediately reverse these funding cuts so that people can get the help they need if they have legal problems.
Last year, the state government fulfilled its promise to raise funds for legal aid to the national average.
It is now time to look at the needs of the local law centres and their client communities and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump campaign indicted after employee allegedly pulled gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign has been accused of alleged inaction after she was told that her campaign manager for North Carolina in February pointed a gun at an employee while they were driving a jeep in February.
The incident is described in an indictment filed Wednesday in Charlotte state court by Vincent Bordini, a former software programmer for the campaign in that state.
Bordini said he had waited for months for the matter to be settled internally before realizing that " it would not happen."
The campaign leader, Earl Philip, "pulled a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and rammed the barrel into Vincent's hollow of the knee," Bordini stated in his indictment.
After complaining to the local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini stated in the indictment that at least four other people had already had the same experience with Phillip.
"Weapons do not have to be fired to do damage," Bordini stated.
The indictment comes just two days after the Republican presidential candidate caused an uproar when he told a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" - gun owners and gun enthusiasts - should take action if his rival Hillary Clinton was elected and appointed judges.
Trump's campaign made it clear that the media had taken his words out of context and that he would not incite violence.
Bordini's complaint seeks damages from the Campaign for breach of duty of care and from Philip for personal injury and permanent emotional damage.
Trump's spokeswoman Hope Hicks was not available for comment.
Attempts to contact Philip also failed.
WCCB, a local news station in Charlotte, reports that Phillip is no longer a campaign contributor.
Calls to his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, were not answered.
The Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has so far led a controversial campaign.
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc. 16-CS-14300, Supreme Court, County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: Survey before state elections: SPD and CDU lose
In the upcoming elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania (September 4) and Berlin (September 18), the governing parties SPD and CDU are facing considerable losses.
This was the result of representative surveys conducted by the opinion research institute INSA for the "Bild" newspaper (Friday).
While the red-black government coalition could continue to govern in the north, this is not possible according to the survey results in Berlin.
In both states, however, the SPD would be the strongest party and thus have a good chance of continuing to provide the head of government.
In Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, the SPD plummeted from 35.6 percent five years ago to 24 percent.
According to the survey, the party would thus be only slightly ahead of the CDU, which could again reach 23 percent.
The third place is disputed between the left and the AfD.
The Left Party would make up 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), the AfD would be represented in the Landtag for the first time with 19 percent.
Despite slight losses, the Greens would return to the Schwerin state parliament with 6 percent (previously 8.7 percent).
NPD and FDP would not be represented in the state parliament with 3 percent each.
According to the survey, the SPD would only account for 23 percent of the vote in the Berlin elections to the Bundestag (2011 election: 28.3 percent).
The CDU reached only 18 percent after 23.4 percent.
It would still be behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent), but ahead of the left with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented for the first time in the Chamber of Deputies with 14 percent.
With 5 percent, the FDP could hope for a return, while the pirates would miss the entry in contrast to 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
E-mail and Internet in slow motion: The Nokia Communicator was launched 20 years ago.
The successors dominate the world today - his manufacturer experienced a disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and bigger, so it did not lie well in the hand.
On the contrary, it was quite clunky.
The built-in memory was initially eight megabytes, which would today be enough for about two selfies with high resolution.
An iPhone is now delivered with at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" came into the shops exactly 20 years ago, on 15 August 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
For a few euros, enthusiasts can still buy the devices on the Internet, but they somehow date back to the stone age of the Internet age.
But 20 years ago, the Communicator was a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had announced the product a few months earlier at the computer fair Cebit in Hanover as a "pocket-sized office".
In fact, the new mobile phone could do a lot for standards at that time: SMS and e-mails could be sent and received, and the Communicator could also be reached by fax.
Even web pages could be accessed via HTML browser, albeit painfully slow.
A calculator was available, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the mobile phone could be opened similar to a laptop.
Then a small keyboard and a black and white screen were found.
Pretty proud was the price: 2700 D-Mark, about 1400 Euro.
The average selling price of a smartphone in Germany in 2015 was 392 euros.
In August 1996, nobody could have guessed that the Communicator would be the beginning of the smartphone era.
Everything's changed since then.
The smart phones are a success story, though not for Nokia.
The mobile phone division of the Finns experienced an unprecedented disaster, was finally sold to Microsoft and wound up.
The market today is dominated by suppliers who all came much later than Nokia.
Being online anytime and anywhere is part of everyday life for many people today.
In 2015 there were almost two billion smartphone users worldwide.
Around 1.4 billion devices were sold, of which Samsung and Apple alone accounted for 555 million units.
The worldwide turnover with the devices is around 400 billion euros.
In addition, there is the well-running business of the countless app providers and telecommunications groups.
An entire industry has now developed around the smartphone.
The decisive breakthrough to the mass market did not come until the beginning of 2007, when Apple boss Steve Jobs announced the introduction of the iPhone at the Mac World.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a telephone and an Internet communicator, all easily operated via touch screen.
Apple's triumphal march began, and even today the iPhone is still the most important product of the group.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, which dominated the market, were left behind.
They finally disappeared, Blackberry is struggling.
Apple and Asian providers such as Samsung are now in charge.
The smartphone is a matter of course 20 years after its invention.
On average, every German now looks at his mobile phone 88 times a day.
"We all have to learn to put away our smartphones," said Janina Kugel, the Siemens Managing Board member responsible for human resources.
Permanent accessibility is now considered both a curse and a blessing.
England must keep the Olympic spirit alive and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will bring renewal and prosperity not only to our local communities and all over London, but to the whole country.
For me, this was Heathrow's biggest attraction, just as it was in London in 2012 when we went to great lengths to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
The Olympics brought great benefits to Stratford and the East End.
And we'll do it again by creating new opportunities for local residents and businesses near Heathrow.
For our local communities alone, we will create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and put an end to youth unemployment in the area around the airport.
Just as they were ahead of us in London 2012, there will be those who will think that the challenge of Heathrow's expansion is too great.
I was told that England will never be ready for the Games and that we will embarrass ourselves on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong in 2012 and they will be wrong at Heathrow too.
There are always obstacles to overcome, but Heathrow answers every question he is asked.
Like the Olympic Games, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for many, not just for individuals.
Enlargement is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211 billion in economic growth and a legacy of skills and employment around the airport and across the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow who have delivered a £11 billion infrastructure investment programme on time and on budget, from the T5 - voted the world's best airport terminal for five years running - to the T2, built in the middle of the world's two busiest runways.
They are now ready to deliver a third catwalk, supported by £16 billion of private investment.
The London Games in 2012 were a great success for the UK and I am confident that the Heathrow expansion will be one as well.
It is time that we channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, while securing our future trade and creating a legacy of skills and employment that England can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is Chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in the "cat and mouse game" regarding ad blocking
For companies that make money with online advertising, attempts to circumvent ad blocking amount to a "cat and mouse game" according to one of the software manufacturers.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced that it would block display blocking on its desktop page, Adblock Plus published a blog post announcing that users could update their filters in the program to block advertising on the social network again.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that its desktop page would change the encoding regarding its ads to make it harder for ad blockers to detect which part of the page is advertising.
But Adblock announced that it has found a new way to circumvent the new codes.
In a blog post, Adblock spokesman Ben Williams wrote that "this kind of back-and-forth battle between the display-blocking open source community and the bypassers has been going on since the invention of display blockers," and that it is possible that Facebook will soon come up with a new solution.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has joined the fight is a strong indication of how worryingly indicator-blockers have become for the industry.
According to a study last year by Pagefair and Adobe, around 200 million people worldwide use display blockers; almost four times as many in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via their mobile devices, mobile advertising accounts for 84 percent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
The company is targeting ad blockers on desktop PCs because mobile ad blockers have no effect on Facebook's social networking mobile app and Instagram, a spokesperson said.
Advertising on desktop PCs accounts for a sufficiently large share of revenues that Facebook considers it worthwhile investing in such a step.
On Tuesday, Facebook announced that it would update its "ad preference tool" to give people more control over ads targeted at them.
On Thursday Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were worrying because they would also block content on the site that is not advertising.
"This is not a positive experience for users, so we plan to address the issue," a Facebook spokesperson said in an email message.
Ad blockers are a blunt tool, which is why we have instead focused on developer tools like Ad Preferences to put more control in people's hands.
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in suspected suicide
The victim was lying in the middle of the night on the highway.
Police are calling witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a highway in the early hours of Thursday morning in a suspected suicide.
The incident occurred on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud shortly after midnight.
A woman lay down in the dark "in an act of desperation" on the street and was hit by several cars, the police in Vaud testified.
It is obvious that a Swiss woman aged 49 who was run over by several vehicles, including a truck, wanted to kill herself.
She died on the spot.
Several drivers have already been questioned, but some have still not been identified, said police, who are asking them and any witnesses to the incident to come forward.
A preliminary investigation was opened, which is a "logical" step in such a situation, Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However, it remains to be seen whether one of the drivers will be displayed.
Was a collision avoidable?
This is something that the public prosecutor must decide," said Hofstetter.
Two similar cases in the last five years show that drivers are not held responsible.
In each of the two cases - where a person was walking on the motorway in the dark - it was decided that motorists did not have to assume that a pedestrian was walking on the motorway in the middle of the night, as the newspaper said.
Last year a policewoman was acquitted of involuntary manslaughter after running over and killing a man who was lying on the A1 near Payerne one night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and passed out on the street, the court heard.
The court found that the policewoman -- who had responded to an emergency call -- was driving in a justified manner and that the presence of a man on the street was a "totally exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone who has further information about the incident on Thursday near Morges should contact the police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was probably once habitable according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to discover Venus' past using tools and algorithms similar to those used by climate researchers.
The model was designed to determine whether Venus, with its hot, waterless surface and CO2-tight atmosphere, could once have exhibited Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that the slow rotation of Venus could be explained by its dense atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests that Venus may have had a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still be spinning slowly.
The model also illuminated the topography of early Venus.
The planet probably had more arid areas than the Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to support life and protect against rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent duller.
"In the GISS model simulation, the slow rotation of Venus exposes her day side of the Sun for almost two months," explained GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio in a press release.
This warms the surface and produces rain, which creates a thick layer of clouds, acting like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the sun's heat.
The result is average temperatures that are a few degrees cooler than those on earth today.
The model produced a history of Venus that resembles the evolution previously thought to have occurred by planetary scientists.
Although it was once presumably habitable, Venus -- over the course of several billion years -- was exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Their oceans evaporated and their water vapour was burned away by ultraviolet light.
When her hydrogen escaped, all that remained was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deadly greenhouse effect -- Venus, as we know it today.
The researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy steps down as coach of the Avalanche
Patrick Roy resigned on Thursday as coach and Vice President Of Hockey Operations for the Colorado Avalanche, citing a lack of participation in the team's decision-making process.
Colorados alternate President/General Manager Joe Sakic confirmed the decision, noting that the club will be looking for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years, I have performed my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," 50-year-old Roy said in a statement.
Over the summer, I thought long and hard about how I could improve this team to give it more depth, what it needs and take it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and Vice President of Hockey Operations must be perfectly aligned with that of the organisation.
He must also have a right of co-determination in decisions that affect the performance of the team.
These conditions are currently not met.
Sakic, who hired Roy on 23 May 2013, thanked him for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me of this decision today," Sakic said.
We all appreciate what he has done for our organization and wish him all the best for the future.
Roy was named the best coach in the league during his debut season at the Avalanches 2013-14 as the winner of the Jack Adams Award.
He led the club to 112 points and to first place in Central Vision, but Colorado was beaten in the first round of the Minnesota playoffs and missed the off-season in each of the last two years.
The Avalanches recorded a 39-39-4 mark in the 2015-16 season, falling five points behind the Wild for a second wildcard spot in the Western Conference.
As a Hall of Fame goalkeeper, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two plays with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
Industrial action on North Sea oil workers' pay will be suspended while all parties to the dispute sit around the table for a new round of talks, negotiators said.
Strikes against oilfield service provider Wood Group were sporadically held on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm that we have agreed to restart the resolution process of the current dispute," a joint statement said.
We will be holding some full-day sessions in the coming weeks, starting early next year, to address the issues in a new way.
The unions said that their last strike, the first in over 25 years, was a protest against possible wage cuts of up to 30 per cent.
Wood Group has this year cut rates to its contractors in the North Sea by around 9 percent due to negative market pressure.
The company's rate cut follows a 10 percent reduction for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said that additional cuts will give the company the space it needs to get through the market downturn.
For its part, Shell has laid off thousands of people and announced plans to abandon its oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations as a result of its mega-merger with the UK energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure due to lower crude oil prices, an economic situation that was exacerbated by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish MP Dave Anderson met with labour leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the largest labour disputes to take place in the North Sea in a generation.
The North Sea is important for the regional economy, he said.
"In the North Sea and across the country we need an economy that works for many, not just a few," he said in a statement.
In 2016, less than $1.4 billion is expected to be spent on new projects in the North Sea compared to an average of around $7 billion over the past five years.
Kepler measures rotation rate of stars in the Pleiades cluster
The latest mission with the Kepler Space Telescope has helped astronomers to collect the most complete catalogue of rotation rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
The new data will help astronomers to understand why stars in a star cluster rotate at different rates and how the rotation periods are related to planet formation.
"By comparing our results with other star clusters, we hope to learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age and even the history of its solar system," said Luisa Rebull, a researcher at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, in a press release.
The star cluster of the Pleiades lies 445 light years away from earth.
Many stars in this cluster, which were formed around 125 million years ago, are now reaching adulthood.
They spin fastest now.
At peak rotation rates these maturing stars emit large amounts of stellar winds.
Since these winds travel through the magnetic fields of the stars, they have a braking effect on the stars.
As a star ages, its rate of rotation begins to slow down.
Kepler measures the rate of rotation of each star by detecting the time between the appearance of a recognizable starspot -- like sunspots.
The latest catalogue of rotation rates indicates that more massive stars rotate more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull compares the stars to dancers, with larger stars turning slower pirouettes than smaller ones.
"In the 'ballet' of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotors tend to be more massive, while faster rotors tend to be very bright stars," Rebull said.
Since the Pleiades star cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory for comparing stellar qualities such as rotation rates.
"The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation in both directions, younger and older," Rebull said.
There is still much ahead of us about which we would like to know more, how, when and why stars slow down their rotation rates and hang up their "dancing shoes", so to speak.
Rebull and her colleagues have reported extensively in three newspaper reports on their latest analysis of the rotation rates of the Pleiades, which will soon appear in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star resigns
Tears ran faster from base to base for Alex Rodriguez than the US baseball star in his best days.
After his emotional resignation announcement, the 41-year-old professional will wear the jersey of his New York Yankees for the last time on August 12 against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I say goodbye to both," said the 14-time All-Star Game participant from Major League Baseball (MLB).
Rodriguez has been voted the league's most valuable player three times and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
His signature on a ten-year contract has brought him 27 million US dollars annually since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on 31 December 2017, he will act as a consultant and youth coach - with full salary.
As a player, Rodriguez paid it back with performance for a long time.
With 696 home runs, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his teams ("runs") for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and, since 2005, the Yankees, he has achieved several milestones.
With Hall-of-Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, only two other baseball players show similar scores in the key statistics.
However, the 41-year-old is not likely to be accepted into the baseball hall of fame.
Because as successful as Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the field, his appearance off the pitch is controversial.
Already in 2009, the superstar admitted on "ESPN" that he had taken steroids banned between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013, it was blocked for 211 games until the end of 2014 due to an involvement in the so-called Biogenesis scandal.
Rodriguez is considered the prime suspect of having received performance-enhancing drugs for years through an anti-aging clinic in South Florida.
After a legal dispute, the ban was reduced to 162 encounters.
"The league might even have done me a favour for 2014, because I've played 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said smugly at the time.
His farewell days are not without a sound.
While many baseball legends get the big stage again in their last games, Rodriguez often had to sit on the bench.
"My job doesn't include a farewell tour."
"My job involves trying to win every game," Yankees coach Joe Girardi etched.
After all, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and who is said to have had relationships with pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, received sympathy from fans of his Yankee archrival Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the supporters sang in the 4-9 defeat of the Rodriguez team.
2016 Olympics: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are the first doping cases
Caught: Due to a positive doping test, weightlifter Adrian Zielinski from Poland is not allowed to start in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - The 2016 Olympic Games are overshadowed by the first official cases of doping.
A caught athlete almost won a medal.
Before the seventh day of competition, the first official doping cases have become known during the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro.
The Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, the 3000-metre obstacle runner Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and the Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski were tested positive and excluded in Brazil - just before the start of the already critically viewed athletics competitions, this news comes at an inopportune moment.
Last Sunday, the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, which is used as a masking agent for doping substances, was detected in Chen's case.
The International Court of Justice for Sport CAS confirmed their exclusion from the Olympic Games on Friday afternoon local time.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old finished fourth in the final over 100 m butterfly, only missing the bronze medal by 0.09 seconds.
On Friday, Chen should have participated in the 50 m freestyle heats.
Chen has applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for the opening of the B sample and a hearing.
The national federation takes the matter "very seriously and demands full cooperation from Chen in the investigations," Xinhua quoted from a statement: "We will cooperate with the International Court of Sport CAS and will accept the ruling.
For the first time in history, it is no longer the IOC but the CAS that is responsible for sanctioning athletes with positive cases.
Also on the night of Rio, the news of the positive test at Danekowa leaked out, and the 33-year-old took the offensive herself.
"I had three tests, all negative, and my fourth test was positive," she told the Bulgarian TV station BNT, this was "an incredible shock.
She was innocent, "the only explanation could be food supplements," the athlete explained.
According to the report, the banned substance is the blood doping agent EPO.
Danekowa has been suspended for the time being, according to BNT the B-sample should also have been positive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Boyko Borisov immediately responded with criticism of the athlete.
"I don't understand why the athletes don't draw the right conclusions", he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been excluded".
For example, all weightlifters from the chronically doped nation are not allowed to participate in Rio.
Friday also saw the case of "Adrian Zielinski", the London Olympic champion in the 85 kg category, who, like his brother Tomasz, tested positive for the anabolic steroid nandrolone three days before.
Both contest the intake, but both are not allowed to start in the 94 kg category.
Before the start of the track and field athletes, the case of Danekowa in particular is another severe blow to the reputation of the entire sport.
The world federation IAAF had banned the entire Russian team from the start due to systematic doping with one exception, and the running nation Kenya is also producing a lot of bad news in Rio.
In swimming, the previous offences in China had also caused fierce clashes between the athletes.
Frenchman Camille Lacourt attacked Chinese Olympic champion Sun Yang harshly.
"Sun Yang pees purple."
"When I see the podium over 200 m freestyle, I want to throw up," Lacourt said on French radio.
Sun was also at the centre of an argument with the Australian Mack Horton.
"I have no time and no respect for doping scammers," he said.
Sun had tested positive for the stimulant trimetazidine at the 2014 Chinese Championships, but only had to serve a three-month suspension.
Data theft: hackers so perfidiously extort their ransom money
Blackmail malware programmers are currently attacking companies in a targeted manner - and they are successful.
According to a recent survey of 540 companies in North America, Great Britain and Germany by the malware defense specialists Malwarebytes, 40 percent of the companies surveyed have been victims of an attack with blackmailer software at least once, sometimes several times, in the past twelve months.
In Germany, almost 20 percent of companies have already been the target of ransomware extortion at one time or another.
40 percent of the victims willingly paid the ransom demanded by the perpetrators in order to be able to use the attacked systems and data again.
According to the observations of malware bytes, the perpetrators are increasingly specializing their blackmailer software in attacks on corporate networks.
If they are successful there, the potential ransom to be extorted is much higher than for private users.
"We are currently observing a frighteningly rapid evolution of malware," explains Malwarebytes boss Marcin Kleczynski in an interview with "Die Welt".
In 2008, most malware programs were still designed to send advertising.
Then the perpetrators discovered blackmail software for themselves.
At first, private users were the target, but the switch to corporate attacks has been alarmingly rapid in recent months.
Ransomware works according to a simple pattern: once active on a victim's computer, it searches specifically for recently modified files such as Word, Excel or database files, as well as archives of images and videos.
These files encrypt the ransomware and delete the originals permanently.
The software then presents the blackmailers' claims.
To get the final encryption code to the files, the victims have to transfer money - usually in the form of the crypto currency Bitcoin.
But where private users' personal photo databases are at stake, companies are concerned with sensitive customer data or project databases without which production comes to a standstill.
The damage is correspondingly higher if ransom goods are knocked down.
22 percent of the affected German companies reported losses in turnover due to ransomware, 13 percent even had to completely interrupt their business activities, and in one case, people were in mortal danger.
In Germany, hospitals have already been the victims of attacks on several occasions, whose patients may be acutely threatened by the loss of medical records.
"We always tell the victims: Don't pay, you're just encouraging the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 percent of the companies that pay get their data back.
It is difficult for managers to refuse the demand of the perpetrators in the face of standstill in the company.
The hackers, on the other hand, know this and try everything to build a good reputation.
In a recent study, F-Secure's security researchers have examined the user interfaces and contact with the blackmailers and come to the conclusion that the perpetrators are actually trying to build up some kind of customer service to make more money.
They explain to their victims via chat how they can pay via Bitcoin, set up freely accessible support websites or decrypt sample files for free.
And if private individuals are redeemed after payments of a few hundred euros, companies sometimes have to negotiate hard and pay five-digit sums to get their data back unencrypted.
With the potentially large and relatively risk-free profits from ransomware extortion, hackers are becoming increasingly professional and sharing the work, security expert Chester Wisniewski of anti-virus vendor Sophos explains, "A single person can write ransomware in about a week.
However, it is more likely that there are three or four people.
The programmers then sell their malware in the form of a software construction kit to the actual blackmailers.
The previous malware kits were created by purchasing the malware itself, consulting and additional tools for a one-time, fixed price between $1000 and $10,000.
"An adjustment tool is included so that smaller configurations, appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The blackmailers then look for other hackers to spread the freshly purchased software among the victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you log into one of the underground forums, buy the set from a criminal and hire another to install the software on as many PCs as possible.
Payment is made per infected computer.
"Usually the criminals then hire spammers to distribute it," explains Wisniewski.
The risk of ransomware is now well known by many companies who are better at backing up their data.
More than 50 percent of those responsible for corporate IT in the Malwarebytes survey rely on being able to fend off ransomware using file backups and scanner software.
Accordingly, the perpetrators are already pursuing new strategies.
"If the encryption of data alone is no longer a sufficient threat for successful detection, the perpetrators threaten instead to publish sensitive data such as customer lists or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes CEO Marcin Kleczynski.
This means that, depending on the type of data, the damage potential is many times higher than before.
The perpetrators could also target completely new targets in the Internet of Things in the future.
At the Defcon hacker conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could get a thermostat connected to the Internet under their control.
In the middle of winter, the activation of such a blocked heating system could well be worth a ransom to many a victim.
If the perpetrators then block an entire production line in a factory instead of the heating in the future, ransomware could also become an issue in Industry 4.0.
One for all cases
HONDA HR-V is flexible and suitable for everyday use
Honda wants to pack everything into the small HR-V: a little SUV, a little coupe and also the versatility of a minivan.
Sounds rather overloaded, but the HR-V, which was constructed on the same new platform as the new Jazz, actually proves to be extremely flexible in everyday use.
Although the HR-V, which is only 1.60 m high, seems rather small, the passengers have plenty of space both in the front row and in the rear, and it doesn't seem cramped at any point.
The materials used for the interior are well made and look pleasant, only the top of the cockpit drops off a bit.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles in terms of storage space.
Not only is a boot of 453 l with the backrests raised and 1026 l with the backrests folded down available, but there are the "Magic Seats".
This is less magical than it sounds: the seats in the rear seat can be folded up like cinema seats, offering storage space that is 1.24 m high from floor to ceiling.
The boot can be loaded well, but the loading height of 650 mm is slightly higher than in the comparable Peugeot 2008.
The tested 1.6-litre diesel with 88 kW/120 hp accelerates the HR-V very powerfully over a wide speed range thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm.
However, he should do his work a little more quietly.
The daily consumption of 4.7 l/100 km is pleasing.
There is another engine: a 1.5-litre petrol engine with 96 kW/130 PS.
Four-wheel drive is not offered.
The handling is well balanced, a good compromise between dynamics and comfort.
But the steering should be a little more direct.
The equipment leaves nothing to be desired in the tested top version "Executive".
The safety systems include the City Emergency Brake Assist (works up to 32 km/h), the collision warning system and the Lane Keeping Assist.
The collision warner is sometimes irritating, because he evaluates many obstacles as "approaching objects" when shunting.
The high beam assistant works very reliably.
And the intelligent speed controller reacts to traffic sign recognition and slows down speed if necessary.
But full connectivity is only available for the top equipment: 7-inch touchscreen, navigation system, app integration and more.
Two USB and one HDMI socket are located under the armrest and are therefore a bit cumbersome to reach.
The around 29000 Euros for the well equipped top diesel are ok.
Who does not want to invest so much, gets the petrol engine from 20000 Euro, the diesel from 23000 Euro.
The engines comply with the Euro 6 exhaust emission standard.
With the HR-V, Honda offers a versatile car suitable for everyday use.
Airline not liable: Fall on passenger boarding bridge
An airline is not liable for the fall of a passenger on the boarding bridge.
For liability is only conceivable in the case of dangers that are typical for air traffic, argued the Düsseldorf Higher Regional Court (Case No.: 18 U 124/14).
The plaintiff had broken a kneecap in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened anywhere - it is a general life risk, the court said.
The airline did not have to pay damages to the man.
In case of illness: When does the organizer pay
Sick holidaymakers only get money back after their trip if the cause of the illness can be found without doubt in the hotel.
However, this is only the case if more than ten percent of the guests are proven to show the same symptoms.
In the negotiated case, a family was seriously ill with diarrhoea and vomiting on the second day of their holiday in Turkey.
She spent almost the entire vacation in her room.
The holidaymakers attributed their illness to a defective sewage treatment plant that allegedly polluted the seawater.
The family was of the opinion that the trip was thus defective - and filed a complaint against the organizer.
The plaintiffs were unsuccessful in court.
The sewage treatment plant was indeed defective.
However, the organizer only found out about it shortly before the plaintiffs' departure.
Until then he had to assume that the sea water was okay.
According to the judgment, he had not therefore infringed his obligations to provide information.
Especially since no impurities were found in the water samples.
The illness of several hotel guests - possibly through infection among themselves - is part of the general life risk.
Of 691 guests, only 38 were ill.
De Maizière said that after the violence committed by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July, many people were worried about further attacks.
The state had to react calmly and decisively to terrorist threats.
One thing is certain: our country will not answer the violence of the perpetrators with hatred and division.
We will not allow the terrorists this triumph.
If criminals had to leave the country more quickly, however, this would increase security and also strengthen the population's support for the refugee policy.
De Maizière aims to have the proposals implemented by the 2017 federal elections.
He also announced a further increase in the security forces, "in the mid-four-figure range over several years".
Advertising sympathy for terrorism must again be punishable.
Video surveillance is to be improved, and the gun law is to be amended in such a way as to make it more difficult, above all, to buy weapons on the Internet.
According to de Maizière, the much-discussed duty of confidentiality for doctors should be maintained.
However, he wants to seek solutions in dialogue with the medical profession to reduce the danger to citizens, he said, for example with regard to mental abnormalities.
In order to counteract the radicalisation of refugees, the Minister considers better social care to be necessary.
Teachers should be better prepared for dealing with traumatised people.
To pursue criminals in specific areas of the Internet (Darknet), de Maizière plans to use undercover agents.
SPD leader Gabriel said: "The SPD is willing to talk about anything that will help to further increase security".
It was important that the Minister of the Interior had clearly spoken out against activism.
"That was a slap in the face for the harassers in the CDU/CSU", Gabriel told the newspapers of the Funke media group (Friday).
De Maizière had previously rejected calls from the Union for a burqa ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
A general prohibition of full-face veiling is constitutionally problematic, he said.
You can't ban everything you dislike, and I dislike wearing the burka.
One could talk about rules, for example in road traffic or for witnesses in court.
Green Party leader Simone Peter accused the minister of trying to simulate energy and the ability to act with ever new anti-terrorism packages.
Left Party leader Bernd Riexinger said: "Snappy slogans and a tightening of the right of residence do not bring more security to the people in this country".
Better traffic flow on the motorway feeder road
It regularly jams on the bypass - here is a picture from November.
But that is about to change: The right turn lane is to be extended.
This is good news for all motorists who are stuck in traffic jams on the surrounding road every evening as they drive along the motorway feeder road (A 43).
Next Tuesday and Wednesday (August 16-17), the Landesbetrieb Straßenbau will extend the right-hand turning lane in the area between Hammer Straße and the Weseler Straße exit by 700 meters.
Drivers can then turn right directly from Hammer Straße.
The big advantage: traffic is split up earlier, which improves the overall flow on the busy section of the B51.
The CDU faction in the Münster-West district council had the idea with the extended exit.
The narrowing of the lane on the feeder road annoys motorists especially between 5 and 7 pm.
On weekdays, the backwater reaches as far as the bridge over the Albersloher Weg and sometimes even beyond.
The reason is the bottleneck on the B 51 shortly before the Weseler Straße exit.
From here on, traffic is only directed over the motorway bridge in one lane.
The second track had to be removed a good three quarters of a year ago.
The reason: Static calculations had shown that the bridge no longer had the necessary load-bearing capacity to take heavy goods traffic in two lanes.
How long this bottleneck and the associated daily traffic jam on working days will last is not known to the responsible state company.
However, years are to be expected: This is because the bridge has an official remaining useful life until 2034.
For the extension of the right-hand turn lane, the regional authorities deliberately chose the time of day during the school holidays when traffic is less busy, because disabilities are to be expected.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, traffic will be guided past the construction site in one lane.
Intercultural journey: Cultural activities for schools
The international class of the forest school attended the play "The invisible house".
The Nima's association and the Young Theatre are now planning a music project.
The association Nima's enables young people with migration and refugee backgrounds to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "International Class" of the Waldschule Kinderhaus attended a performance of the award-winning play "The Invisible House" by the Junges Theater Münster.
In the context of the "Intercultural Journey" initiated by the Nima's association, 19 students between the ages of eleven and 15 visited the production in the Small House.
Since the beginning of the year, the association, which aims at the cultural integration of young people with migration and refugee backgrounds, has been offering schools with welcome classes the opportunity to visit cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project.
Between September 2015 and March 2016, most of the young people in the class came to Münster from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia, Syria and other countries, and spoke little German.
Thanks to the choreographies, the scenic images and video animations it was possible for them to follow the course of the action nevertheless, according to the press release of the Junge Theater Münster.
The Nima's association, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theatre will be working together in the coming season on a music theatre project.
From October to December, young people with and without a refugee or migrant background between 14 and 20 years of age are to be given the opportunity to attend professionally instructed courses in singing, dance, acting and music.
Offers for children and families in the field of theatre play and theatrical language teaching are in the planning stage.
The project "Intercultural Journey" continues.
In view of the increased number of refugees, the association expects many classes to participate.
Rain instead of shooting stars: Hope for weather improvement
The weather has put a damper on the shooting star gazers in southwest Germany in the night to Friday - but there is still hope.
The night had been badly suited for observing the celestial spectacle because of clouds and rain, said the chairman of the Welzheim observatory, Hans-Ulrich Keller, on Friday morning.
Our hope lies in the night to Saturday.
The weather should be good, then we will surely see many shooting stars in the sky.
The star sheds are perseids, which are among the fastest shooting stars with 216000 kilometers per hour.
They have their name because they seem to come from the constellation Perseus, which rises in the northeast.
Restful night: Tips against sleep disorders
In the evening you toss and turn forever, at night you lie awake for hours, in the morning there is no thought of sleep long before the alarm clock rings.
This is anything but relaxing.
After all, one is in good company with such problems: according to the Robert Koch Institute, about a quarter of adults have sleep disorders and more than ten percent find their sleep frequently or permanently unrestful.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders manifest themselves?
There are several forms of sleep disorders and they can have many different causes, emphasizes Hans-Günter Weeß, member of the board of the German Society for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine.
But what is commonly understood by this is insomnia, i.e. a difficulty in falling asleep and sleeping through the night.
Many people find sleeping through the night unsatisfactory or insufficient, says Jens Wagenknecht, member of the board of the German General Practitioners' Association with a practice in Varel, Lower Saxony.
What's behind insomnia?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
This may be due to organic, psychological or behavioural factors, but also to medication.
Not infrequently, sleep disturbance is an expression of another disease.
"Very early waking up is common, especially in depression," says Weeß.
And it may be that different factors are interdependent.
For example, someone who has a slipped disc can lie badly, wakes up every two to three hours and possibly starts to brood over everyday problems and worries, Weeß gives an example.
This leads to tension, and sleep is no longer possible.
From when should one go to the doctor with sleep disorders?
Anyone who does not sleep well for at least three nights a week over a period of one month and is impaired during the day should see a doctor, advises Weeß.
The impairment can look very different: One is exhausted, tired, sleepless, has difficulties with attention and concentration, is easily irritable, has mood swings or physical complaints such as stomach or headaches.
In order to relieve the sleep disorder, it is important to find out its causes.
Treatment options include behavioural changes, cognitive behavioural therapy or medication - classic sleeping pills only in exceptional cases and for a maximum of two weeks.
There are hardly any sleep physicians in private practice in Germany, emphasizes Prof. Ingo Fietze, head of the interdisciplinary sleep medicine center of Charité University Medicine Berlin.
Therefore, if you have sleep problems, you should first consult your family doctor, advises Weeß.
He can clarify with examinations whether the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to the sleep lab, and what happens there?
Doctors recommend sleep laboratory examinations for snoring with breathing difficulties, for example, or in cases of pathological tiredness during the day, sleepwalkers or when the cause of a sleep disorder cannot be found, explains Fietze.
You don't really need to prepare for the examination.
One should spend the day normally.
"Just please don't take a nap", says Fietze.
After wiring you go to bed at your normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear nasal cannula, a chest strap and a feeler on your finger.
In addition, a camera on the ceiling records the sleeper.
How can those affected get a grip on the problems?
There are quite a few set screws that you can use for a better sleep.
Weeß is counting: Regular sleeping and getting up regularly, not lying in bed too long, not sleeping during the day, not watching TV to fall asleep, avoiding alcohol and not looking at the clock at night - then you start calculating immediately, and that is not at all beneficial.
What the jungle camp has to do with missing medals in swimming
The former German swimmer Markus Deibler has commented on Facebook on the disappointing performance of the DSV team at the Olympics.
In December 2014, he won gold for the first time at the Short Track World Championships in Doha and set his first world record at the same time.
Now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has used Facebook to protect himself from his former team mates who are under criticism.
"In a country where an Olympic champion gets a €20,000 bonus and a jungle king €150,000, nobody should be surprised about missing medals," the 26-year-old wrote on his Facebook page during the night to Friday.
The support system in swimming is bad, but the doping controls are very good.
This means that we cannot compete with countries that promote a great deal and do not look very closely at the subject of doping or even practise it.
"I'm not saying that controls should be stopped here," he continued.
If he wanted to make a comeback, Deibler would have to be registered with the National Anti-Doping Agency Germany (NADA) nine months before his first start.
The same should be done with countries.
"Those who cannot be controlled by independent WADA/FINA inspectors for a certain period of time before the World Championships/OS are not allowed to take part", demands the Hamburg resident by choice, who meanwhile runs an ice cream parlour.
Airport: Gang of baggage thieves arrested
Professional thieves at Düsseldorf Airport
Civilian investigators of the Düsseldorf police succeeded on Thursday in arresting two women and two men aged between 50 and 61 years.
The suspects had committed several bag and luggage thefts as a gang.
Around 9:30 p.m., civil servants in the area of Düsseldorf airport recognized a gang known to the police from past thefts.
The two women and two men had committed several offences since mid-July this year and had acted jointly, with a division of labour and in a particularly professional manner.
The specialists of the Criminal Investigation Department 34 can prove four crimes committed by the thieves who entered Germany specifically to commit crimes.
In the process, they had gained a total of over 15,000 euros.
Old buildings, a few lime trees, a few cobblestones in between: Rigaer Straße in Berlin-Friedrichshain doesn't look like this at first glance, but the police consider it one of the city's "dangerous places".
If you walk along the street from east to west, you will pass playgrounds, a freshly painted kindergarten and a health food store.
Someone sprayed "ugly!" on the front of a gray house.
Opposite a Lidl, which is also soon to be demolished, construction is already underway: A house with high windows and 133 new rental apartments is to be built here by 2017.
However, articles about this "trendy district", as the responsible real estate company Friedrichshain calls it, are preferably illustrated with burning cars in recent weeks.
The reason is the house with the number 94: once it was occupied, now the residents have rental contracts, but on the ground floor there are still rooms occupied and used for events.
Since the beginning of the year, Berlin's Senator of the Interior, Henkel, in particular, had repeatedly spoken out in favour of tough action by the police against the project, describing the area as a "no-go zone" for police officers and the 94 as the starting point for autonomous violence.
After the ground floor rooms, the Kadterschmiede, had been cleared on 22 June by 300 police officers, the police patrolled the area for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three crew cars, blocking off parts of the street and preventing visitors from entering the house number 94.
Meanwhile, construction workers renovated the rooms on behalf of the unknown homeowners.
On July 13, a Berlin administrative court ruled that the eviction was illegal, and one day later police and construction workers left to the cheers of sympathizers and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street seems peaceful: parents take their children for a walk, people sit on the sidewalk in front of the houses in the sun, others talk in front of the late afternoon.
A primary school and kindergartens are located in the immediate vicinity of the house projects.
Left-wing violence is not the main concern of many residents: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in the neighbourhood since 1999, and Jana*, who is raising three children here, are particularly annoyed by the police presence.
They share with the inhabitants of the housing projects the concern about rising rents and gentrification.
It doesn't sound like a neighbourhood, the majority of which wanted police protection from vandalising leftists.
The ditch that the Berlin Senator of the Interior and the police open up between squatters and their neighbours obviously does not exist in this form.
Friedrichshain in the east of Berlin was actually a traditional working-class district, which even today has a low average income and high risk of poverty compared to the rest of the city.
Squatting and the housing projects born out of it have also long been part of the neighbourhood: in 1990, numerous houses in the former GDR were squatted, including almost the entire Mainzer Strasse near Riga.
While the people of Mainz had been evacuated in a real street battle under large police presence, many of the projects in Riga were legalized and are partly still inhabited today by the people who occupied them 26 years ago.
At the same time, in recent years the district has increasingly become a magnet for tourists and Berliners from all over the world: Residents from GDR times and former squatters now share their neighbourhood with them.
This is also reflected in rents, which have risen by almost 60 percent since 2009 for new lettings.
Many of the new buildings in Riga are attacked as symbols of this development: You can recognize them by the panes of glass that have been thrown in or freshly painted facades that have been thrown on with paint bags.
No other street was mentioned so often this year together with the words "left-wing autonomous violence".
One reason why not all neighbours see this as a problem could be that they are not necessarily affected by crime: Statistics show that crimes such as assault and battery are almost exclusively directed against police officers.
The majority of crimes involve damage to property, which tends to affect new and newly renovated houses.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in an apartment building next to the controversial 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
As far as acts of violence are concerned, she is placative: the people in 94 are her neighbours, they certainly were not.
Also the famous burning cars have not been seen in Riga for a long time.
For the studied architect, her street is not a criminal hot spot, on the contrary: "Here people help each other, live together on the street and get to know more about each other than anywhere else".
Neugebauer deliberately moved to Rigaer Strasse - and stayed.
That's why it was so important to her that the residents get their street back: By the police, politicians and the media, all of whom suddenly claimed interpretive sovereignty over the district in July.
But in the eyes of residents and Neugebauer alike, the street continues to be taken away from them: Through faceless new buildings in former gaps between buildings, which displace the old inhabitants.
"These are condominiums that are not interesting for many people here - it's more likely that people who are not so well-off live here," she says.
"Violence and destruction I absolutely do not condone."
But what can you do if no one ever listens to you?
Frustration sets in on all sides, including the police and residents.
Kerstin Neugebauer has little sympathy for immigrants who are annoyed by paint bombs: the house projects and the left-wing scene were part of the neighbourhood.
Anyone who moves here should be aware of this - just like someone who moves into a pub district can hardly complain about noise there.
All persons introduced by their first names only have asked not to be called by their real names
Urbach: Annika Deuschle is the new commissioner for refugees
Annika Deuschle is the contact person for integration and organization.
She is also a local social worker.
Since July Annika Deuschle has been the refugee commissioner for Urbach.
The social education worker supports the administration team around Achim Grockenberger.
It sees itself as a contact for all actors: refugees, the Working Group for Refugee Aid, the administration, authorities and whoever else is involved.
Regine Kunde from the working group suggests that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now here, the egg-laying wool-milk sow, who has one problem above all else.
This is what some - less mockingly but rather aiming at the variety of desired tasks - had meant when the administration wanted to advertise the position.
They were looking for an administrative specialist with a talent for languages and people, combined with many years of experience in the field of social work - in other words, a woolly milkshake.
But administrative work is not her central area, says Annika Deuschle.
Above all, it is about organisation, working with people on site and behind the scenes, and networking.
The 31-year-old has been with us for about six weeks.
She has limited a 50-percent position to three years.
"It was high time", says Regine Kunde, "that Annika Deuschle supported voluntary and full-time actors.
There are big and small problems, organizational, human and communication problems.
Soon new containers will be available in Wasenstraße
For some time now, a serious problem has been finding housing for the Anschluss refugees who have been recognised.
The local authorities are responsible for the connecting accommodation.
They must accommodate the refugees in their own or rented accommodation.
The costs of building, renting or renovating these shelters must be borne by the municipalities themselves.
The responsibility changes from the district office to the municipality and job centre.
Problem: There are free objects, but not every landlord wants to offer his apartment.
The search has been proving very difficult for some time now.
De facto, the administration does not find private apartments.
It has not worked so far, but one is dependent on private apartments, says Deuschle.
Therefore, communal apartments must be upgraded, as the saying goes.
So new containers will soon be set up in Wasenstraße.
But apartments are not the only thing that will do it.
Perspective is the keyword, Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle agree.
In addition to a permanent place to stay, there are internships, training positions, school places, one-euro jobs and temporary jobs for refugees and migrants that have to be found or set up.
"More seats would be good," reports Regine Kunde.
Many of them work in the building yard or help caretakers, do community work - and that motivates and very neatly, as Annika Deuschle reports.
She hopes that the work for the community will lead to a positive external impact.
It's "not occupational therapy."
But activity does not only mean work.
The day needs a solid structure, say Deuschle and Kunde.
People should develop a sense of belonging.
So, he says, there is a need for offers such as sports, contact with locals and, above all, language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
So administration and volunteers also help out here.
It is crucial that the refugees get the feeling that they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
The long duration of the proceedings is a problem.
They have to explain to the refugees that it is taking time and that they can bridge the time sensibly, for example with language courses.
Anyone who at some point develops the feeling that he cannot help anyone in Urbach, is not allowed to work and is useless, will never integrate.
The clear majority is motivated.
But there are also problem cases, says Kunde honestly, "people with whom nothing works". The work of Deuschle and the customer is therefore always also to motivate others.
All this is already a "mammoth task".
A difficult question: after the recent events, are they afraid of radicalisation, even in a small community like Urbach?
"No", Regine Kunde says quite clearly, "which some might call naive". However, it could not and did not want to exclude a residual risk.
But the helpers are already sensitized.
These incidents were also a topic of discussion among the refugees.
They would be afraid that the assassins would bring them completely into disrepute.
"They want to show that they have nothing to do with it," says Regine Kunde.
Many would like to stay in Urbach.
Therefore, full-time and voluntary workers and volunteers have to look for activities on site and in the region.
They always have in mind that a new batch of refugees and migrants could soon come to Urbach.
Does Germany need an upper limit?
Politicians are afraid to answer this question clearly.
Actually, it's unfair to put them on the spot.
"In Urbach we have not yet arrived where we want to go", says Annika Deuschle.
No new refugees, that would ease the situation.
Regine Kunde also makes it clear that the people of Urbach are already working at full capacity to integrate the existing people sensibly.
At the moment there are about 100 people, mostly young men.
But when people are in need, they need to be helped, both women agree.
The world political situation is so complicated that there are no easy answers.
Schorndorf: Burglar with helicopter wanted
The police helicopter flew for about one hour over various areas - without success.
Two unknown men forcibly entered an apartment in an apartment building in Lindenweg on Friday morning around 8.50 am.
The inhabitant surprised the two of them and made the fiends flee.
The two men were about 1.65 to 1.70 meters tall, probably masked, both wearing blue jeans and black hoodies.
They fled towards the city centre.
The police used several patrol crews as well as a police helicopter to search the area.
The manhunt was unsuccessful.
Possibly the unknown persons were conspicuous before the crime near the apartment or during their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police investigate after rocker attack on snack bar
After an attack on a snack bar in Ulm, police are investigating six suspects from the biker scene for a serious breach of the peace.
Evidence and narcotics had been seized during apartment searches, police announced on Friday.
According to the police, around 20 masked men of a rocker-like group had thrown bottles and stones against the shop window of a snack bar in July.
Afterwards they are said to have attacked two guests and slightly injured one.
After that they fled.
The snack bar and the adjacent building suffered a damage of 10000 Euro.
According to the investigators, it is about an argument in the Ulm biker milieu between a Kurdish and a Turkish gang.
Thuringia: Zeiss Meditec closer to the billion euro turnover
High demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted Carl Zeiss Meditec's revenues.
In the first nine months of the financial year which began in October, consolidated sales rose by 6.7 percent to 798.6 million euros, as the listed company announced in Jena on Friday.
Business in Asia grew disproportionately by 17.1 percent.
According to the interim balance sheet, earnings before interest and taxes increased from 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros.
The Jena-based medical technology group intends to exceed the sales mark of one billion euros this fiscal year, the executive board confirmed.
Zeiss Meditec manufactures devices and equipment for medical practices and clinics.
The company, which belongs to the optics and electronics group Carl Zeiss (Oberkochen), employs almost 3000 people.
Munich 1856: Four maps that change your view of the city
An insane asylum, where young people are supposed to meet today.
A crypt chapel, where they are now digging for the S-Bahn tunnel.
Allotment gardeners cultivate the former land of farmers.
The oldest official map of Munich brings exciting stories to light.
It sucks when maps are out of date.
Everybody knows this, who had to get upset because the car navigation system showed a green meadow instead of a bypass.
The historical maps of the digital Atlas of Bavaria, an offer of the Geoportal Bayern of the state government, are anything but up-to-date - but for this very reason they are very informative.
Especially if you compare them with current online maps.
Then it becomes clear how cities and communities in the distribution area of the Münchner Merkur have changed since the 19th century.
The digital atlas of Bavaria is a patchwork quilt that is not immediately recognisable as such.
More detailed maps, so-called Urpositionsblätter, were incorporated into the large general map for cities and municipalities.
According to the Bayerische Vermessungsverwaltung, these were created between 1810 and 1864 and originated from the first surveying of Bavaria.
Your employer: Napoleon.
The French army commander occupied Bavaria since the spring of 1800 during the Second Coalition War with Austria.
Napoleon wanted an overview of the occupied country and commissioned a topographic survey of Bavaria - for military purposes, of course.
Even if the French troops finally withdrew with the Peace of Lunéville on February 9, 1801, it was the present-day neighbors who created the idea of a comprehensive map of Bavaria.
Elector Max IV Joseph pushed the project further, founded the "Topographical Bureau" - and with it the Bavarian Surveying Authority.
The Urpositionsblatt für München dates from 1856 and can be found like all the others on the website of the Bayerische Landesbibliothek.
The comparison between the past and the present is most impressive in the case of the state capital.
The city has expanded in all directions and has grown together.
One example is Untersendling, which appears relatively isolated in the 1856 map.
Sendling was incorporated as a Munich district 21 years after the creation of the map, i.e. in 1877.
Today Untersendling lies in the middle of the city.
Untersendling's houses are concentrated around 1856 along today's Plinganserstrasse, which was not named until 1878 after Georg Sebastian Plinganser, a leader of the Bavarian peasants' uprising against Austria in 1705.
Where the Westpark is today, you see nothing but fields - at first glance: When zooming in, a smaller-scale map appears with dozens of lines and numbers: handwritten numbered parcels of land from the so-called "Uraufnahme", from which the land tax was derived.
Today, small plots of land are no longer occupied by farmers - but by allotment gardeners from the "Land in Sun" facility.
A large green area is emerging to the north of Untersendling.
The Theresienwiese, which has been the scene of the Oktoberfest since 1810, was actually still a meadow in the 19th century - and not a concrete desert.
On the other side of the Isar, the historical map gives an insight into the history of psychiatric medicine.
In the original position leaflet, one reads in the area of today's district Au-Haidhausen not only the street name "am Gasteig" or from the hill "Auf der Lüften" - but also in large letters "Irren Anstalt".
Yes, here on Auerfeldstraße, people with delusions were once locked up.
There, in 1858/59, the Munich District Mental Hospital "Auf der Auer Lüften" was established.
From 1872 onwards, Dr. Bernhard von Gudden was in charge of the institution - the psychiatrist who is associated with the death of King Ludwig II.
"He was progressive for his time and, for example, ended the chaining of the so-called lunatics.
In addition, he has forbidden the staff to use violence against the inmates," says Hermann Wilhelm, director of the Haidhausen Museum, who has been working with the institution for an exhibition.
Initially there was room for 280 patients, but this was later expanded to 500.
At some point, even this capacity was no longer sufficient - the reason for building the Kreisirrenanstalt in Haar in 1905.
The Isar-Amper-Klinikum München-Ost, one of the largest psychiatric clinics in Germany, has been located there since 2006.
On the grounds of the former Auer Anstalt, young people now meet in the Munich Salesianum.
The order acquired the building complex in 1920 and converted it into a youth centre with training facilities.
To the west is the football field of TSV München Ost, to the east are residential buildings from the 1980s.
In 2015, the children's house "Casa Don Bosco" was built - in architectural reference to the original building of the asylum, which had been destroyed in bomb attacks during the Second World War.
Marienplatz was listed as "Haupt Platz" around 1856, Kaufingerstraße was called "Kaufinger Gasse".
The Second World War also brought a decisive change in the heart of Munich.
The Allied bombs tore many holes into the city centre in December 1944.
One big one remained until today - at Marienhof.
The English Institute, small commercial buildings and a crypt chapel from the Middle Ages once stood at Marienhof, where the preparatory work is currently being carried out and the ground-breaking ceremony for the second main S-Bahn line will take place on 5 April 2017.
With the slider you can compare the old Munich map with today's aerial view - and fill up the hole at Marienhof.
Civil rights group publishes travel warning for Missouri
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has issued a warning for colored people who travel to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
"The NAACP Travel Advisory for the State of Missouri, which is scheduled to be effective through August 28, 2017, urges African-American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling through the state, as a number of questionable racially-based incidents have recently occurred throughout the state and are noted here," the group's opinion states.
A recently passed Missouri law that makes it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits and state law enforcement agencies that disproportionately target minorities prompted the group to issue the travel warning, the NAACP said.
"You have civil rights violations that happen to people.
They are stopped because of the color of their skin, they are beaten or killed," Missouri NAACP President Rod Chapel told the Kansas City Star.
"We are hearing complaints at a frequency we have not heard before."
It is the first such warning issued by the organization for a state in the USA.
The group cited incidents such as racist crimes against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
Sanders died in questionable circumstances earlier this year after running out of gas while traveling through the state and being taken into custody by Missouri police without being charged with a crime.
The Council also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office that shows that black drivers in the state are stopped 75 percent more often than white drivers.
"The recommendation is that people be aware and inform their families, friends and co-workers about what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
"People have to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money or letting relatives know they're traveling across state lines."
Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, which rank the state 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a company for housing or employment discrimination.
Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) issued travel warnings for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration laws that require local law enforcement agencies to arrest people for immigration violations, which the ACLU believes will help further racial profiling.
Travel alerts are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but recently, stakeholders have been using the measure in response to certain laws and trends within the US.
Pasture fence project is elementary
The Fischerbach pasture fence project is a successful project and will be continued next year.
The CDU members of parliament Peter Weiß and Kordula Kovac have gotten a picture on site.
At the Rechtgrabenhof of the Schwendemann family, representatives of the Fischerbach CDU local association met together with Mayor Thomas Schneider and the two members of parliament.
Markus Schwendemann initially provided insights into his farm, where he manages 55 hectares of meadows and 40 hectares of forest, looks after 40 dairy cows and just as many young animals and accommodates holiday guests in five apartments.
According to Schwendemann, "Black Forest milk" is for him the only alternative marketing channel for the milk of his cows.
Only regional dishes are served to the holiday guests.
Since he is also BLHV chairman of Fischerbach, he called the pasture fence project "elementary important".
I cannot operate profitably on such steep terrain.
The grassland area is a lot of work, and much of it has to be worked with the motor scythe.
"We are struggling here with the conditions and with the topography," emphasized Schwendemann.
In 2003 he took over his parents' farm and runs it without chemical pesticides and fertilisers, even though he does not run an organic farm.
For Mayor Thomas Schneider it was clear: "The municipality has recognised the importance of the pasture fencing project and is pleased with the Leader funding".
With costs of 3000 to 4000 euros per hectare, farmers would have to be supported.
It is hoped that this will allow the reforestation of the areas to continue for quite some time.
"The greatest treasure we have are the people who work in agriculture and who are concerned about how they can take their business forward," emphasized the mayor.
Farmers are often criticised for the support
In 2013, a total of 25 parcels of land were fenced in by means of the pasture fence subsidy from eleven participants.
The area to be kept open is thus 40 hectares, which may not be afforested until at least 2023.
Of the total cost of 71 500 euro, half was funded via Leader, with the municipality of Fischerbach bearing one quarter.
This left the farmers with 12 610 euros, which they had to invest in 16.2 kilometres of pasture fencing.
"The big advantage is the durability of the fences," explained Schwendemann.
Kordula Kovac emphasized: "You are doing a really good job, it won't work without farmers and countrywomen".
For Peter Weiß, too, it was clear that "the best food is produced here".
The Landscape Conservation Directive (LPR) of Baden-Württemberg allows state funding for pasture fences.
The aim is to keep the Black Forest open.
A prerequisite is the existence of a funding backdrop designated by the LPR.
In addition, the area to be fenced must not be suitable for tractor management (slope inclination over 35 percent) and must therefore be threatened by afforestation.
For the Fischerbach pasture fence project 2018, the application of eight participants with 24 plots is currently underway, who want to build almost 16 kilometres of fence.
The area to be kept open corresponds to 35 hectares and the calculated cost is more than 112 000 euro.
Is nothing sacred anymore?
Now the White House is taking the Statue of Liberty from Trump
The surest sign of a change of regime is when they start to attack the statues.
The Americans appreciate them as much as anybody else - hence the carefully staged fall of Saddam Hussein on Firdos Square in Baghdad in 2003.
Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, certainly knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta about the President's proposals to drastically restrict legal immigration.
To be fair, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
A horde of boat owners and Liberty imitators would have lynched him if he had done it.
But he attacked its significance, and especially the significance that was attributed to it when the famous poem by Emma Lazarus was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument was completed.
When Miller insulted Acosta: "I don't want to go into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American freedom that illuminates the world.
The poem you refer to, which was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."
Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, it is not really about history.
It is about the contemporary response to the stirring words of Lazarus, the only ones in which a state invites not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / your oppressed masses longing to breathe freely, / the wretched waste of your rich coasts.
There has never been a time when the "miserable rubbish" was better visible on our screens.
Miller did not engage in literary criticism - he made it clear that these people are not welcome in Trumps USA.
This conflict over the meaning of a statue is part of a broader political and cultural debate: it is indeed a conflict over the meaning of America.
Lazarus - and her friends, who were committed to placing her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were carrying out a highly political act.
The sculpture was intended to show the connections between French and American republicanism by depicting the female embodiment of freedom in a worn classical pictorial representation.
Lazarus changed this meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has been given a voice.
And she gives herself a completely different name: Mother of the Exiles.
The combination of the poem with the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, the people on the right wing have long wanted to change it back.
The great shouter Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that the Statue of Liberty was not inviting anyone, but rather an early neo-conservative who was bringing the American flame into the benighted world: "Lady Liberty goes first.
It should carry the torch of freedom from the United States to the rest of the world.
The torch is not to light the way to the United States."
Quite unusually, Limbaugh came across something here.
The meaning of the statue is entirely a question of the standpoint of perception.
The great imaginative act of Lazarus was to see her as she was seen by the exhausted, wretched, but hopeful people after long and often terrible voyages on the decks of ships.
It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people who seek refuge and a chance to improve their lives.
Her statue speaks to them the words of hope and welcome that they need to hear.
And that, of course, is not the perspective that Miller and Trump would ever want to acknowledge.
Their torch is not to light the way, but to ignite the hatred that is their only source of power.
World Cup 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of the UK team
Eilidh Doyle remembers a time when only two Scotsmen were on the UK team
UK Athletics Performance Director Neil Black says the Scottish 16-man contingent in the world championship squad "will make a massive contribution to the team".
A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
Black believes that "something special is developing in Scotland" and that the UK athletics community has something to learn from this.
"We welcome it, and we're trying to understand it, and we'll keep doing it until we find out," Black said.
"I talk to people at the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it has something to do with what they did.
The Scottish athletes think it has something to do with what they have done.
British Athletics: It has something to do with what they have done.
And also with the guy on the corner.
Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
Several of the Scottish athletes are medal candidates, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will compete against Sir Mo Farah on the 5,000m course, while Eilidh Doyle was elected team captain by the team.
"Eilidh is quite modest.
Your captain's speech was incredible," says Black.
"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they lived or trained, left the room feeling very proud and motivated.
The passion and real feeling that Eilidh brought in quite naturally was great".
The Commonwealth silver medalist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championship, says it is "incredible" that there are 16 Scots in the British team.
Scotland's best total number of athletes at the World Cup so far was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
The middle-distance runner Muir leads the way and set five British and two European records last year.
She will participate in the 1,500 m and the 5,000 m races.
Chris O'Hare, who runs 1,500m, is another Scot to watch after a great season that included winning the British Team Trials and the Anniversary Games.
Doyle remembers her first World Championships when the only other Scot on the team was Lee McConnell.
The team captain says that she is "enormously proud" of the fact that many of her compatriots are not only part of the team, but in some cases they will also compete in the medals and finals.
"The special thing about being team captain is that she was elected by the other members of the team, so it was a great honour anyway, but knowing that my teammates voted for me and voted for me makes it very special for me," she added.
"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scotsmen who make up the team.
It just shows how far we've come.
And they are here as established athletes, athletes who want to climb on podiums.
About my speech as captain?
Yeah, I think it went well.
I just pointed out that we are very happy in this situation, because we have a home world championship.
So it's really important to rely on this home support and benefit from the fact that we are back in the Olympic stadium.
I get a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just gonna be such a great atmosphere out there."
Blocking critics via Facebook: Don't run for public office if you can't stand the heat of voters
The father of our country knew something about bad press.
Americans loved George Washington, but it wasn't long before the newspapers beat him for everything from domestic politics to his political principles.
He scolded at the review, sure.
But he did not silence his critics.
For in 1783 Washington said, "Freedom of speech can be taken away - and, foolishly and silently, we are led like sheep to the slaughter.
That brings me to Maryland to Governor Larry Hogan, who has to work on being more like Washington.
Hogan's employees have blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who have expressed their opinions on his official Facebook page.
And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for it earlier this week.
The governor's staff dismissed the complaint as frivolous, and the online commentary was full of a backlash with "So what?
"It's just Facebook," a lot of people said.
But it's important.
And it's especially important if it's a guy like Hogan.
This is a republican governor in an overwhelmingly democratic state that is amazingly popular.
He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
He has shown a firm hand in running his state and strict adherence to principles.
He was also very adept at using Facebook as his primary means of connecting with his constituents and easily debuting his hairless head after chemotherapy on his site.
Therefore, blocking people who come to the governor's side - which is a public forum called official and staff paid with public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan's spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking comments was nothing more than moderation.
But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful people cracking the whip online.
The Post spoke to some of the real people who were blocked by Hogan.
And these are just real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, an entrepreneur and a priest, not trolls.
They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
The priest quoted the Bible in his mail and appealed to Hogan's Catholic faith.
Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md. was not hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
"I commented politely that I was disappointed that there was no response to hate crimes and other current news," she wrote in the comments section of The Post news program.
"I don't appreciate this idea either, when a number of people take a stand on the same issue, some tend to disregard it as a so-called collective effort rather than recognize it as a large group of concerned citizens".
What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack", others would probably call "advocacy".
The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
It is much cleaner than it used to be if the same thing had been done, that employees were sent to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arrest and silence protesters.
But this is exactly what is happening digitally.
Hogan is not the first public official to be criticized for abusing Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
One of the first milestones on this issue was last week in Virginia.
The chairman of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a voter from her Facebook page.
And in Kentucky, Governor Matt Bevin (R) also received a visit from the ACLU for his use of Facebook and Twitter.
That shouldn't be too hard.
In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had a similar effect to the Internet.
The number of newspapers multiplied between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers struck at his leadership.
And even then, Washington had trolls anonymous.
The people who used pseudonyms such as "Juricola", "Valerius", "Belisarius" and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers that put down Washington's decisions.
Petitions criticizing his position on the Treaty of Amity, trade and shipping with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online papers of the George Washington Project.
But he didn't silence her.
Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse are the foundation of our nation.
And true leadership means accepting that.
Ronan Rafferty hopes for domestic comfort at the Renaissance Club
Former European No. 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
The Nordire, who led Links to the final round at Archerfield next door last year before losing to Paul Eales, is associated with the new venue and acts as tournament ambassador on behalf of club founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
"I saw the Renaissance Club being built, and we'll see how it achieves its fame with this event," Rafferty said.
"The players will see this course at its best, it's in great shape.
Jerry did a great job fixing this place up.
He is a fervent supporter of this game and is proud of his performance here.
This is a great showcase for this course."
England's Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time, despite having won both the European Tour and the European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
"This really feels special," said the Southport-based player.
"I was not able to defend the Extremadura Open because it was taken off the programme the year after I won it.
Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
It's a wonderful place to play golf.
The memories from last year are coming back, and it was something special for me and my wife Sharon to win here last year.
It was a really special time and one that we will always treasure."
Gary Orr, who came to the European Senior Tour earlier this year after his 50th birthday, returns to the action on home soil.
This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
"It always means a bit more when you play at home," said Orr, the man from Helensburgh.
"You want to do well, but you also feel this extra pressure.
I really enjoyed playing again and I played a solid golf.
I'm glad the way things turned out."
With the trio on the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior Major Champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among the six Scotsmen on the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
Admission is free, parking costs £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
Fewer lung cancer deaths from passive smoking
Over the past two decades, fewer and fewer people have died of lung cancer due to passive smoking.
This is the result of a study by scientists of the University Medical Center Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE).
"According to our estimates, 167 lung cancer deaths per year are attributable to passive smoking," said study leader Heiko Becher.
As a comparison, he used his own study on this subject from 1994.
At that time there were 400 lung cancer deaths per year in Germany due to passive smoking.
The new study is published in the International Journal of Public Health.
House connections prove to be very complex
The construction work in the Villinger Strasse is in full swing and "is more or less on schedule", says the head of the building yard Fred Heinze.
In the area of house connections, the situation was more complicated than expected, as there was much hidden underground that was not indicated in the plans.
The traffic, which repeatedly obstructs the construction work, is a big problem for the Stumpp construction team.
"The ignorance of drivers in front of red lights and barriers is already enormous," Heinze reports.
The road is closed and only the public buses are allowed to pass through.
Angelo Caruso, Marvin Kostorz and Tim Kostorz from the Stumpp company have been working on the bridge for weeks.
"The hot days were already quite exhausting.
But fortunately we were supplied with cool mineral water by our friend Fritz Matt," says Marvin Kostorz.
Poverty and death in the Indonesian goldlands
When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she does not use a stove.
She even rarely uses a pot.
In her wooden house in Enarotali, the capital of the Paniai regency in the troubled Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually puts a sweet potato - locally called "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
After half an hour the charred tuber is removed with eager, unwashed hands and devoured.
Degei sits on the clay floor - she has no furniture - where she also does her daily work, e.g. washing clothes with cloudy water from the nearby swamp.
A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she was not assigned fields.
Polygamy is common here.
Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed, and many drink heavily, and there are the soldiers.
"Nobody dares to walk around the village after 5 pm," she says.
It is a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was taken in 1969 after a controversial referendum in Indonesia, when only 1,026 elders were supposed to vote by a public show of hands in front of the occupying forces.
An existing movement that stirred for independence against Dutch rule quickly turned against the government of Jakarta, which maintains control over the region and excludes foreign journalists or legal observers from it.
In 2003 the province was officially divided into Papua and West Papua, with the independent part of Papua New Guinea comprising the eastern part of the island.
Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate. The trip includes a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire and then a 5-hour morning drive by rental car.
There is no public transport.
The town with about 19,000 inhabitants consists of wooden houses surrounded by bamboo fences and corrugated iron roofs, which have been transformed by rust into different yellow-brown shades.
Very few Indonesians have made the trip here, let alone journalists and practically no foreigners.
Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshipped a god named Uga Tamee.
There have been other changes as well.
"We weren't used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, pointing to her vibrant, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and light-colored skirt.
"Before, we only had leaves on our bodies."
Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of the people live below the poverty line and have some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
But it is also Indonesia's gold country.
The largest and most profitable gold mine in the world, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, is located just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province the size of New Jersey with a population of 153,000.
In 2015 alone, Freeport has mined gold and copper to the value of 3.1 billion US dollars.
In addition, Papua has timber resources valued at an estimated US$78 billion.
But these riches are a source of misery for the Papuans, who ensure that Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
A 2005 New York Times investigation reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
Papuan demands for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose and are treated mercilessly.
According to activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed and thousands have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands in the 1970s became genocide according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
In the region alone, Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful demonstrators last year.
"We Will Lose Everything" is the title of a 2016 report from the Archdiocese of Brisbane, which includes reports of atrocities committed in the previous year, such as unlawful executions and torture - rape and electrocution are particularly popular according to another report - and the brutal repression of peaceful demonstrations.
"It is difficult to count the number of victims because incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
The screws have been tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from other parts of Indonesia.
The province's population of 3.5 million is 83% Christian, but demographic trends are changing as Muslim economic migrants come from the populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
Javanese Warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado gado, a mixed vegetable served with peanut sauce.
Local people are fighting to keep up.
"The migrants have started to sell chicken and vegetables at the traditional market for less than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital of Jayapura to work.
"It has cost the native Papuans, the mama-mama of Papua, their market."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, promised during his 2014 election campaign to tackle inequalities and rights violations in Papua.
The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the presidential palace in Jakarta.
But little has changed in Papua, and today the locals feel betrayed.
"Our hearts are broken because we voted for Jokowi in 2014 with the expectation that he will fulfill our hopes that justice will be restored," says You.
In fact, Paniai hit a low point just two months after Jokowski's inauguration in October.
On December 7, 2014, a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a campfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorcycle broke through the darkness.
The frightened children told them to turn on their headlights.
One of the soldiers took offence at her tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to the local pastor Yavedt Tebai.
The soldiers who had drunk, hunted and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly that he fell into a coma.
A few hours later the building of the nearby government commission was set on fire and things escalated the next day.
About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a football field in front of the local police station and the military command centre to demand justice.
They wore ceremonial hunting bows and performed the Waita dance - running in circles and imitating a bird song - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
Some demonstrators started throwing stones at police and military posts.
When the atmosphere was heated up, the soldiers were sent an order over an internal radio: "If the masses resist more than three times, they shoot them dead," according to an official document from TIME, which was not released to the local media.
Yeremias Kayame, 56, the leader of the Kego Koto district of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and called for calm and urged the crowd to return home.
No one was in the mood to listen.
"When I turned around, I was suddenly shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
Kayame still doesn't know who fired, but says the bullet came from the ranks of the soldiers gathered here.
"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
The local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin, who witnessed the shootings.
"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," said Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only has one name, TIME, in a gloomy mood.
"I saw that he was dead... I kissed him."
The Chief Inspector of Papua Police, Yotje Mende, told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
"We must defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," said Papuan police spokesman Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo in 2015.
"It's a matter of life and death."
According to Human Rights Watch, five young demonstrators were killed and many more injured.
The news of the killings did not come to Jakarta 'filtered' until the following day.
For three weeks, Jokowi gave a passionate speech in Jayapura expressing sympathy for the families of the victims and vowing to address the historic abuses in Papua.
"I want this case solved immediately so that it will not happen again in the future," he said.
Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up an extra-judicial mechanism to resolve historic human rights violations.
But the excuses started almost immediately.
"Most injuries occurred long ago.
Some were in the 90s and early 2000s.
The point is that we are committed to tackling these violations, but there are processes that need to be put in place," he said.
Then Wiranto made a retreat when he spoke to TIME in Jakarta on 5 June, saying that he had no plans to set up a complaints mechanism in Papua.
Instead, "everything will be regulated by law," he said.
Wiranto, who has been indicted by the UN for "crimes against humanity" that claimed more than 1,000 lives in East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said 11 cases of human rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.
Families of the Paniai victims received such claims with grim disbelief.
"I have been interviewed four times in the last three years, but there has been no progress at all," says Yohanes.
"I'm tired."
He says that years later he still lives in fear.
"I'm scared," he says.
"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid of being shot."
His brother Yacobus repeated the view that people in Paniai are afraid to discuss the incident.
He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
"After I buried the bodies, the military looked for me," he says.
The shooting hasn't stopped.
On Tuesday, Indonesian police fired on villagers in Paniai's Deiyai neighborhood.
During a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to take an unconscious man to hospital, one person died and 17 others were injured, including children.
The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw, who drowned while fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
Excited villagers protested outside the company's location office.
The police said that villagers threw stones at officers who responded by firing warning shots.
But locals say that the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) started shooting at the crowd and killed one.
"We were so panicked, we're afraid that there will be revenge," says 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being quickly admitted here, according to TIME.
"I hid in my house for two days."
The Deiyai Parliament has called for the officers involved to be held accountable and for the mobile police brigade to withdraw from the area.
Paniai has always been a trouble spot for the Indonesian government.
The lack of meaningful development reinforces the dissatisfaction of the tribesmen Mee, Moni, Dani and Damal, who live in the green highlands of Papua.
Many joined the "Free Papuan Movement" (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend Papuan rights by initiating sporadic attacks and kidnappings of Indonesian soldiers.
Some of the top OPM leaders are from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
In response, thousands of people have been arrested and arbitrarily detained in Paniai in recent years on the pretext of "safeguarding national sovereignty".
Some never show up.
Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place".
Poverty increases dissatisfaction.
The little bit of rice that is sold in Enarotali is too expensive for the locals.
Bread is just as out of reach.
The people here grow everything they eat: especially nota and fruit and leafy vegetables.
Agriculture is the task of the women, who can cultivate four or five fields of sweet potato each.
They keep most of the harvest for the family, while the rest is sold on the local market.
Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupees (75 cents).
Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of new air routes to Nabire Airport.
The few jobs available in the region tend to go to the better educated and wealthier migrants.
Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
"The young people are not interested in staying in the village... because there are no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the Paniai tribal council.
Isolation keeps the eyes of the world away from Papua.
In addition, restrictions on reporting in the international media remain tense.
At the beginning of the year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for lack of coordination with related institutions, although they were given rare permission to film.
According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, the promises of Jokowski's campaign to lift restrictions on reporting to promote transparency and development have not been realized.
"There are new dangers for foreign journalists trying to report from Indonesia's troubled easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: Visa refusal and a blacklist," he said in a statement.
Lack of press control means that international pressure on the Indonesian government is largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbours.
In March, six Pacific states - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands and the Solomon Islands - called on the UN Human Rights Council to investigate "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shootings.
The same countries have historically supported the OPM.
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir rejected the group's accusations and told journalists in Jakarta: "Indonesia still has a democratic system and free media, so it is difficult to cover up evidence of human rights cases.
The local people want more foreign governments to take note of this.
When an official delegation from the Netherlands, led by human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, locals broke their silence and harassed him "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but wishes to remain anonymous.
Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but the Papuans say they will probably not vote for Jokowi again.
"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council.
He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, apart from living under the constant threat of a predatory military, are in poor education and health services.
Gobai says that the Paniai people, like other Papuans, see their vote for Jokowi as a "debt" that he must repay.
"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai gunshot victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: the body of one of the victims was buried on a site directly opposite the police and military station.
They know that they may never get justice, but at least they do not let those responsible forget their crimes.
"A member of our family has been killed," Yacobus says with his head bowed.
"What else can we do?"
Fire captures the 'Torch' skyscraper of Dubai for the second time
On Friday, a fire found its way through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai, forcing hundreds of residents to flee the 337-meter-high, 79-story building.
It is the second fire to sweep through the skyscraper, which happens to be called the Torch Tower, in just two years.
The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported and there was no direct word about the cause of the flame.
"We were asleep and we got up at the fire alarm and people were screaming.
We ran down the stairs, and it took about 10 minutes to get down from the 50th floor," a resident, who gave his name as George, told Reuters.
Dubai's civil defence authorities said that fire-fighting units extinguished the fire and cooled the building around 4:00 local time (00:00 GMT).
The government said it was working on providing shelter for the people affected.
The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used in outdoor areas of high-rise buildings around the world.
An investigation by the management of the Torch building after its fire in 2015 revealed that most of the damage came from the cladding, the outer cladding used for decoration or insulation.
In the UK, police said they believe that the system of panels for insulation and cladding at London's Border Fell Tower in June may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire that killed about 80 people.
No Davis Cup reform: Further best-of-five
The President of the International Tennis Federation (ITF) failed the General Assembly with his major Davis Cup coup.
At the meeting in Ho Chi Minh City, the proposal, revolutionary for this sport, to play Davis Cup singles on only two winning sets was barely supported by the required two-thirds majority.
The five-set classics, which are often very long, but which are also very much appreciated for this very reason, will therefore be retained in this traditional competition.
63.54 per cent of member countries voted in favour of the reform, narrowly missing the target set by ITF President David Haggerty.
"We respect this decision, but are disappointed that our member nations have not adopted the entire reform package for the Davis Cup and Fed Cup.
We need a change to secure the long-term future of these iconic and historic competitions," said Haggerty.
They would continue to work on improving the competitions.
After many objections, the proposal to hold the final at a neutral location had not even been put to the vote.
Only comparatively minor details are new from 2018: the finalists in the Davis Cup and Fed Cup will have the right to host the first round in the following year.
In order to reduce costs for the organisers, the requirements in terms of training grounds etc. will be eased and players will have fewer official media appointments before the Davis Cup.
More than 1 in 5 US travelers bring prohibited items on the plane, a survey finds
A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 percent smuggled prohibited items past U.S. Transportation Security Administration checkpoints, either intentionally or unintentionally, including at least 6 percent who boarded the plane while inadvertently carrying prohibited knives or other items with blades.
Less than 1 percent claimed that they discovered late that they had travelled by mistake with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
The survey of more than 1,000 people - conducted by a jet charter service, Stratos Jet Charters Inc. also found that younger travelers are more likely to disregard the rules.
Of those respondents who admitted that they knowingly tried to fly with something that was banned by the TSA, 19.7 percent were millennials, compared to less than 15 percent who were Generation X members.
The most common items that were intentionally passed by TSA agents were food and liquids.
More than 3 percent admitted to knowingly carrying items with blades through the security checkpoint, while 2.2 percent of female respondents and 3.7 percent of male respondents also confirmed that they had intentionally brought prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
The company said it had interviewed travelers across the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so intentionally.
It is no surprise that the people who are most likely to carry contraband - knowingly or unknowingly - through security were those who fly the most.
However, the company points out that the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
People are often unsure which liquids they are allowed to take with them or how much of them.
So it is no surprise that the largest amount of items seized by TSA are prohibited liquids.
For a while, people thought TSA might think of books as contraband.
Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international flights.
Elon Musk does not care: Tens of thousands of Tesla customers cancel order
Electric jack-of-all-trades Elon Musk likes to show off with the huge number of pre-orders for his new Tesla "Model 3".
In doing so, he has so far failed to mention that some of the customers have already withdrawn their non-binding reservation.
In addition to the consistently triumphant figures on sales increases and even more gigantic sales targets, Tesla boss Elon Musk revealed another, less glamorous figure for the first time when announcing the latest quarterly balance sheet: that of cancellations for the new mass market model 3.
Musk had frequently advertised in recent months with the more than 500,000 advance orders for the new car, which is just starting to be delivered.
Now Musk concedes: Of the total of 518,000 advance orders, 63,000 have already been withdrawn.
Critics had repeatedly pointed out that these are merely non-binding reservations.
In the event of a cancellation, Tesla will refund the 1000 Euros (1000 US dollars in the USA and 1000 pounds in Great Britain) "reservation deposit" in full.
Musk admitted in a conference call with analysts that there are currently 455,000 such non-binding reservations.
However, the Tesla boss does not believe that the cancellation of around twelve percent of all orders could become a problem.
His argument: the challenge in achieving the ambitious growth targets is not on the demand side, but on the production side.
Last year, Tesla delivered 84,000 vehicles.
In 2018 - all models taken together - it should be 500,000, in 2020 one million.
The demand for this is obviously there.
According to Musk there are currently 1800 reservations per day.
Anyone who orders a "Model 3" today can expect delivery in the second half of 2018 at the earliest - when Tesla manages to run its brand new production lines, which have never been tested in practice, at maximum capacity without major interruptions.
Many experts doubt that this is possible.
However, if there are major delays, the non-binding nature of the reservations could become a problem for Tesla.
Because then the company cannot prevent dissatisfied customers from running away in droves.
EPA chief Pruitt withdraws because of the Obama-Era's delay in reducing emissions
One day after being sued by 15 states, Scott Pruitt, the head of the Environmental Protection Agency, reversed his earlier decision to delay the implementation of Obama-era rules to reduce emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
Pruitt presented the change when his agency proved more responsive to the needs of government environmental agencies than previous administrations.
He did not mention the lawsuit that had been filed against his previous position in a federal appeals court.
It is a deadline of 1 October for countries to meet the 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
Pruitt announced in June that he would delay compliance for a year to give his agency more time to study the plan and to avoid "interfering with local decisions or hindering economic growth.
Pruitt, who was the District Attorney of Oklahoma before his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long been a staunch opponent of tougher environmental regulations.
Since his arrival in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly blocked or delayed regulations that the chemical and fossil fuel industries oppose.
Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled that the EPA administrator overstepped his authority when he tried to delay the implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
In a statement released on Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested that his turnaround on ozone standards simply strengthened the EPA's willingness to cooperate with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
"Among previous administrations, the EPA has often missed deadlines for implementation and then waited to be accused by activist groups and others and set a date for implementation in an agreement," said Pruitt, who sued the EPA more than a dozen times in his previous job.
"We don't believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
We also take seriously the law and the authority it gives us."
Nevertheless, the EPA opinion stated that at some point Pruitt will use its "power to delay and all other legally available powers" to ensure that the rules are "based on sound policy and the best available information.
Republicans in Congress are pushing for a more comprehensive revision of the ozone regulations.
A draft law approved last month is expected to delay the implementation of the 2015 rules by at least eight years.
The measure has not yet been put to a vote in the Senate.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intended to maintain legal pressure.
"The EPA's reversal - according to our complaints - is a major health and safety gain for these 6.7 million New Yorkers and the more than 115 million Americans directly affected by the smog that is pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
New York was joined in this case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington and the District of Columbia.
Ground level ozone is formed when pollutants from cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources in the atmosphere react to sunlight.
The resulting smog can cause serious respiratory problems for sensitive groups of people and contribute to thousands of premature deaths every year.
Public health officials and environmentalists cheered on Pruitt's surprising change of course.
"It is disturbing how much pressure it takes to get this sensible move from the person responsible for protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
"We must continue to fight against the Trump government's ideological crusade to curry favor with polluters and their special interests.
Tumlingen celebrates 750 years St. Hilarius church
750 years of St. Hilarius Church: On the occasion of the anniversary of the mountain church, a serenade will be held on the old cemetery grounds in Tumlingen on Sunday, 16 July at 4.30 pm.
Due to its idyllic location and beautiful view of the village, the historic St. Hilarius complex is a popular place to stay.
The visitors of the sixth charity serenade can be enchanted by this powerful place.
The friends and supporters of Tumlingen have made the rescue and preservation of the oldest building in the village their concern.
Walter Martini emphasizes: "It is a unique village gem".
In 1267 the St. Hilariuskapelle was first mentioned in the Württembergisches Urkundenbuch: Count Hermann von Sulz sold "the mountain with the parish church at Tumlingen located on it, together with the bailiwick" to Magister Eberhard von Horb and to his brother Dietrich for 20 marks silver.
According to the wording of the document, in addition to the former parish church, there was also a manorial court on Tumlinger Berg to which the church or patronage right belonged and not vice versa.
So people lived there too.
As can be seen from the description of the Oberamt Freudenstadt of 1858, the "Berg" was the third, the manorial settlement core of the village, next to the Unterdorf and the Oberdorf, which can just about still be seen in Tumlingen today.
Old maps from around the year 1600 support these historical facts.
The patronage law arose from the early medieval own church law.
A gentleman who built a church, equipped it and occupied it with a pastor, remained the owner of this church and could also inherit this own church.
This was connected with the right to appoint a pastor or to propose a new pastor to the bishop.
There were three altars in the church and two bells on the tower.
The larger of the two burst at Christmas 1673.
The newly acquired bell rang for the first time in 1692, but had to be returned later during the Second World War in 1942.
During the 30-year war (1616 to 1648) the window panes were smashed and the bell ropes were stolen.
The roof was leaking.
In 1796 French troops camped near the church.
They broke out the pulpit and pews and used them as firewood.
Remains of the church threatened to collapse in 1809.
Until 1869, the Hilarius cemetery in Tumlingen also served as a final resting place for the dead from Hörschweiler.
In 1823 the cemetery was extended and the Hilarius church was demolished.
Only the church tower was left standing.
On the night of New Year's Eve in 1834 a storm split the steeple and half of it collapsed.
To prevent an accident, the tower was demolished.
Only the tower dwarf, which still exists today, has been preserved as a witness to 750 years of church history.
Today, Horst Kallenberger and Rolf-Dieter Wasem of the "Schaffigen Rentner" (working pensioners) are looking after the Hilarius facility as the successors of Dieter Dockhorn.
As organizers, the friends and patrons of Tumlingen invite you to the sixth serenade on Sunday, July 16th, at the old cemetery to the St. Hilarius Chapel.
It is designed by the combo of the Kepler-Gymnasium Freudenstadt and with contributions from Kurt Kübler and Reinhold Matteis.
Hartmut Romann, the head of the village, will speak the closing words.
The program starts at 4:30 pm.
Admission is from 3.30 pm.
The serenade will end with a drink in front of the cemetery.
"Enjoy a summer evening under the shade of old trees and with the wide view over meadows towards the forest", the organizers point out the fantastic view.
The serenade only takes place in dry weather.
The organizers hope for many supporters for the preservation of the historical St. Hilarius complex, which is important for Tumlingen and Hörschweiler.
The friends and supporters of Tumlingen feel particularly committed to the care of the homeland, as Serenade organizer Walter Martini affirms.
Association wants to have approval of wind turbines checked
"Boisheim defends itself" sees no legal prerequisite for the construction and has therefore turned to the district administrator.
The association "Boisheim defends itself" has called on District Administrator Andreas Coenen (CDU) to withdraw his permit for the erection of planned wind turbines in the Boisheimer Nette.
It was carried out unlawfully.
The association argues that at the time of the approval on 30 December 2016, no wind power plants could have been approved at all in the Boisheimer Nette, as at that time in Viersen a wind power concentration zone only existed on the city border of Schwalmtal.
Within this concentration zone, the construction and operation of wind turbines is possible in principle, but at the same time the concentration zone excludes the use of wind energy for the rest of the city.
Such zones are intended to prevent the landscape from being "sparse".
A few days earlier, the city of Viersen had decided on a second wind power concentration zone in the Boisheimer Nette through a change in the land use plan - but the district government of Düsseldorf had not approved this because of a formal error.
"Due to the lack of planning law prerequisites, the approval notice issued is still illegal and must therefore be withdrawn," said Christoph Erkens, chairman of "Boisheim defends itself".
Current state of affairs: Before the summer break, the city council has again decided on the wind concentration zone in the Boisheimer Nette; approval by the district government is still pending.
Erkens: "This means that at this point the granting of a permit for the installation of wind turbines is excluded under planning law".
The circle confirms the receipt of the request.
"The corresponding letters have been received by the district of Viersen since last week," a spokesperson explained.
The Circle takes it as an opportunity to re-examine the matter.
However, they will probably not lead to the proceedings being stopped.
With a view to ongoing proceedings at the administrative court, the district did not want to comment on the content of the argumentation of the association "Boisheim defends itself" on Thursday.
NEW Re, a subsidiary of NEW, is planning the construction of four wind turbines, each 200 metres high, on an area on the Boisheimer Nette.
Last year, the company, in which the city of Viersen is indirectly involved, had already concluded lease agreements with the owner of the approximately 65 hectare site.
With the installation of the four wind turbines, it should be possible to cover the electricity requirements of around 11,400 households - which corresponds to around a fifth of the electricity requirements of all households in Viersen.
NEW Re intends to invest around 20 million euros.
Last summer, Viersen's city council gave the go-ahead for the purchase of three wind turbines at the Linnich wind farm near Aachen and a stake in a wind turbine in Übach-Palenberg in the Heinsberg district.
Car and tractor crash together: Woman dies in terrible accident
A terrible traffic accident happened on Friday morning at about 10 o'clock on the L 333 between Niederwallmenach and Bogel (Rhein-Lahn-Kreis).
A woman was fatally injured.
Two other people were slightly injured.
The national road remained closed for hours.
According to police reports, a 17-year-old young woman from Bornich drove her car on the L 333 in the direction of Bogel while accompanied by her 53-year-old mother as escort.
City and retailers plan "home shopping" weekend
Bad Langensalzaer and people from the region should rediscover the shopping opportunities in the city centre in September.
The trade association and the city administration want to use the weekend on 8 and 9 September to lure residents to the city centre for a shopping spree.
As the chairman of the trade association, Christian König, announced, the "Heimat-Shoppen" weekend is intended to sensitize customers to the offers that their own city has to offer apart from the usual supermarket goods.
A market with regional suppliers is planned, similar to the weekly market.
In addition, local companies are to present themselves and their apprenticeships.
In addition, the shops in the city centre should invite people to "midnight shopping".
The campaign is not only aimed at residents of the city and the surrounding region.
In preparation are commercials on the radio, an Internet video and printed bags, which refer to the action weekend, so Christian king.
The city administration and trade association cooperate with the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
The trade association and the city are thus entering a further stage of the "Attractive City Centre" project.
This includes new offers such as the first "Active Day" at the Fountain Festival including a Sunday when the sales are open, talks with all traders and landlords to encourage them to participate actively.
Attractive offers for Saturday and the waiving of parking fees on this day are also part of the concept.
In addition, customer potentials are to be newly developed or reopened.
These include spa guests and tourists.
But also many locals would have lost sight of the city centre while shopping.
In the end, everyone should contribute to revitalising the inner city - right down to landlords, the businesses of the entire city and associations.
It is necessary to overcome the lethargy with a network, some of which has spread, König had said in the spring.
Birgit Streich, head of the IHK Center in Mühlhausen, announced that for the first time five Thuringian cities are participating in the nationwide third "Heimat-Shoppen" day.
Besides Bad Langensalza, these are Weimar, Sömmerda, Heiligenstadt and Bleicherode.
According to Streich, the day is intended to "promote the appreciation of local trade and to emphasise its importance for the common good of our cities".
The campaign under the leadership of the IHK and with many partners also makes it clear that every citizen can influence his or her direct environment with his or her purchasing behaviour.
Two dead and several injured after explosion at US school
A gas explosion occurred in the school building during construction work.
New other people were injured.
A gas explosion in the US city of Minneapolis killed two people and injured nine others, some of them seriously.
According to the fire department, one more injured person was in critical condition on Wednesday (local time).
A person died when part of a school building collapsed in the explosion.
One man who was initially missing was later also found dead.
The dead were school employees.
The authorities suspected the cause of the accident to be work on a gas pipeline.
During the holiday season only a few people stayed in the Minnehaha Academy building.
Trump, after leaking transcripts of phone calls, put Mexico under pressure to pay the border wall
Transcripts of telephone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been published by the Washington Post.
On January 27, in a telephone conversation with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump called for a stop to publicly say that he would not pay for a planned border wall.
The US president insulted him for publicly denouncing the wall. He reportedly said to him, "You can't tell the press that."
Trump started his presidential campaign with the promise to build a wall on the southern border of the United States and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
Transcripts of his first phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published and revealed a tense exchange.
Mr. Trump told Mr. Turnbull that a deal for the US to take refugees who emigrated to Australia was "ridiculous", "lousy" and "stupid" and that insisting on the deal brokered by the Obama administration would make him look like a "fool" after he proposed a ban on the resettlement of refugees to the US.
Mr. Trump ended the call after telling Mr. Turnbull, "This is the most uncomfortable call of the day."
Moore's Ford massacre: Activists resume racist lynching as a call for justice
A 1948 Ford Mercury drove through a group of spectators in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled towards the Ford bridge at Moore.
Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped out to block its way.
The leader of the mob - a middle-aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long puff at his cigar and looked intently through the windshield.
Inside, the inmates hovered in fear.
"We want that n ---- r Roger!" yelled the man.
"Get him out of the car!"
Cries broke the silence as a young black man was dragged from the passenger seat.
Fortunately, this terrible scene, which was played on July 22, is only a re-enactment.
But when a noose is then thrown around the neck of "Roger", almost everyone in the audience emitted very real sighs.
Since 2005, civil rights activists have been returning to Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
No one was ever charged with the murders.
"It's really incredible that in all these years not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities, even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who is helping organize the reenactment.
"It's a smudge on a story, but it's a strain on our souls."
Brooks is a 71-year-old former congressman of the State of Georgia and a lifelong civil rights activist.
For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and is an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
"We want prosecution, we want ending, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but first we must get justice," he said.
"We cannot attain healing and reconciliation until we receive justice."
A medical examiner lays a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore-Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching process.
But no one was ever charged.
Although the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say that the double motivation for the lynching actions has always been known throughout the city: politics and sex.
In April 1946, a Supreme Court decision allowed black citizens in Georgia to vote for the first time in the summer primary campaign.
At about the same time as the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed a white landowner, Barnett Hester, during a fight - allegedly over a woman.
Brooks said the rumor in town was that Hester had slept with Malcom's wife Dorothy and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to free Malcolm from prison, according to the FBI.
He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy and her cousins Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
But when they left the prison and approached the Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
"As it turns out, it was Harrison who prepared and ordered the murders," concludes an FBI report.
"It is also obvious that there was a conspiracy between the state and local law enforcement agencies, which not only participated in the murders, removed evidence and covered up the identity of witnesses".
Brooks puts it even more succinctly.
"It was a voting rights massacre," he said.
"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: "If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you."
For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene directed the annual Moore Ford Bridge Lynch reenactment.
Her portrayal is vivid, poignant and is rooted in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
It's hard to watch, and even harder to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
"We don't want to talk about lynching because then we will be confronted with its ugliness in all of us," she said.
"But I can't have a relationship with you if you won't listen to me or won't listen to what I've been through".
Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day almost 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene started a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
Wade Marbaugh is Greene's co-director here.
He has been playing the role of chief clan member for years, but he said the role would never get easier.
"I feel dirty because I'm not like that," said Marbaugh.
"But I think it's very important to keep this story alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
On the other side of the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
The play begins with Malcom yelling at Hester and harassing him, angry that he slept with his wife Dorothy.
"I said, n- --- him, get off my property!"
Rascona returns fire.
There's a break.
And then everyone (at least all black actors) bursts into laughter.
Greene laughs the loudest.
"What?!" Rascona asked.
He is alarmed and confused.
Was I too hard?
"No," Greene said, still giggling.
"I just don't believe that white people back then said 'n he'."
"Yes," quipped one of the other black performers.
"All you have to do is hit the hard 'R.'."
And this is exactly where the energy in the room shifts, a feeling of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
Everyone is busy getting this right, not only because of the game, but also because of the memory of the four people killed.
The scene begins again.
This time when Rascona says the N-word, he says it sharply and emphatically.
Absolutely nobody laughs.
This repetition ends violently and quickly.
There are screams, shots, and then silence.
A woman, dressed in a mourning dress, stands over the bodies of the actors and performs Billie Holiday's mourning eulogy "Strange Fruit".
Her voice breaks at every other word.
About a hundred meters behind, a group of about four dozen spectators wipes sweat and tears from their eyes.
The audience is divided almost equally between black and white.
A couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many just come down the street.
They have all experienced nearly eight hours of Georgia's oppressive humidity as Brooks leads them on a pilgrimage to the Malcoms' and Dorseys' tombs.
Up to this point the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels spooky.
When the last notes of the song fade away, Greene invites the crowd to come closer and inspect the bodies.
Children squat at their heads, register the fake blood and the silent bodies and whisper to each other.
"You're not really dead," mumbles a little boy as if to remind himself.
After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd - and suddenly it's over.
The actors throw away the lynch rope and wipe away their tears.
Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the clan member.
Nick Rascona embraces two of his fellow players and then collapses in their arms crying, the emotional burden of the performance finally breaking through on him.
"It's okay," whispers one of the women.
"We know this is not in your heart.
You did this for a reason."
Later, the audience sits down with the actors for dinner.
At a table, a white couple from Atlanta is chatting animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they have just met.
Denise Duplinski struggled to find words to describe the feeling the performance left behind.
"It's hard to hear these terrible words and deeds... coming from people who look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
"What this really does to me makes me think that the lynching is still going on," she added, "today it's just called police shooting."
In the same room, Tyrone holds Brooks court at his table, eating and reminding him of civil rights.
He said he had already started planning the performance next year.
"The reenactment is inspiring in some ways, because it describes the horror of what we have endured, but it is also a moment of learning," he said.
"It's like this, if we don't learn from it, it could happen again.
He who does not study his own history, who does not know his own history, is condemned to repeat it."
"Götterdämmerung" reconciled the Wagnerians in Bayreuth
Also in the fourth part of Richard Wagner's monumental work, director Frank Castorf focuses on a colourful and frivolous production in front of a gigantic, six-storey backdrop.
The revolving stage (designed by Aleksandar Denic) shows either a shabby street corner with the remains of the Wall and a kebab stand in Berlin, a "Plaste und Elaste" logo from the GDR era or the New York Stock Exchange.
Parked in front of it is an open Mercedes classic car in which the Rhine daughters pose as rocker girls, or alternatively an Isetta.
Stacked oil barrels are reminiscent of Castorf's leitmotif - money, power and greed - which runs through his "Ring" production.
The three Rhine daughters - sung by Stephanie Houtzeel, Wiebke Lehmkuhl and Alexandra Steiner - harmonize wonderfully, just like in "Rheingold".
Kess they seduce Siegfried (Stefan Vinke), drag a corpse into the trunk in Hollywood manner and give the Krawallo clique.
Stephen Milling sings the wonderfully nasty Hagen, surrounded by the aura of a heavyweight boxer.
Brutal scene when he slays Siegfried.
Later on Gunther (Markus Eiche) has to take his turn.
The audience thanked the ensemble with strong applause.
Foster, Milling, Vinke and conductor Janowski, who bows modestly and forms his hands into a Merkel diamond, are celebrated stormy.
There is great applause for the festival orchestra, which appears on stage for the first time - in view of the great heat, once again in casual leisure wear.
The performance of Frank Castorf and his directing team had been eagerly awaited.
While in 2013 he had to endure a piercing whistle concert, five years later there was great jubilation, in which the occasional "boo" calls were drowned out.
Festival director Katharina Wagner must have been pleased about this.
"You can see that the audience has grown together with the 'Ring' in a certain way," she had told the dpa shortly before the performance.
The audience had not only made a form of peace with Castorf, but had also grown to understand his point of view.
I draw a positive conclusion.
Max Menge works as a volunteer
They work in several places at once during their voluntary year.
Where everywhere?
Quantity: Usually in Steinfurt in the furniture exchange, once a week I help out here in Greven in the furniture bridge.
And I have also worked at the school in open full-time.
What is your experience with this?
Crowd: It's a nice, broad spectrum that I see here.
I deal with different people, with young people, with refugees, with young adults.
You are now 26 years old, so you are a late volunteer.
How come?
Crowd: I graduated from high school.
And then, let's say, successfully completed a degree in civil engineering.
I realized for myself that it is the wrong thing for me and I want to do something different, work with people.
And then I wondered, what are you doing?
Make a social year, it gives you an insight, you can see what it's really like on the ground, maybe even in the focal point.
And was it?
Quantity: I have collected great impressions.
I will start my studies in social services in the winter semester.
I will study dual studies, probably do a social worker training at the youth welfare office in Herne and study in Hamm at the university of applied sciences.
Isn't it a bit unusual to have several different places of work during the volunteer service?
Quantity: Yes, it is very variable.
I guess it always depends on where you do your FSJ.
You can do it from old people's homes to youth work - in all possible facets of social work.
With me it was very varied.
I was also partly in the OGS, that is, in the afternoon care.
For me, that was exactly the right thing that appealed to me.
I could see my own strengths and see how it really works.
Different from studying civil engineering?
Quantity: Of course, this is not about calculating statics.
You always have other people in mind, each with a completely different story behind them.
Whether a refugee, a young person who has been taken out of the family - you always have to respond individually.
Very interesting.
And you had no reservations?
Crowd: I'm not the type for that.
It's an area that gives you a lot.
Lots of love, lots of kindness.
There are also negative moments, but that's life.
Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs and reduces dividend to revive business
The British education group Pearson said on Friday that it would cut another 3,000 jobs and cut its interim dividend by 72 per cent as a further restructuring programme was launched to overcome the pressures facing the company.
The job cuts, most of which were announced by Director General John Fallon for late 2018 and early 2019, come in addition to his previous restructuring, which has already seen the loss of 4,000 jobs.
In May, Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by a further £300 million ($394 million) in a third cost-cutting programme to revive a business that was hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
The company, which last month sold its stake in Penguin Random House to its partner Bertelsmann, said the outlook for the fiscal year was unchanged, having achieved a 1 percent increase to £2.05 billion in the first half.
Convoy attack from Kabul: NATO soldier killed in suicide bombing
A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital Kabul, killing one NATO soldier and injuring several others, officials say.
Five soldiers and one interpreter were injured, according to a statement by NATO.
According to unconfirmed local reports, three civilians also died in the incident in the Qarabagh district.
The bombing is the last act of violence to hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque in Herat.
On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
According to a NATO statement, the explosion on Thursday evening happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "person carried improvised explosive device".
The statement states that all the injured are in a stable condition and are being treated in the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as the Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major concern for NATO forces in nearby Bagram.
According to the United Nations, there were at least 1,662 civilian deaths in Afghanistan in the first half of 2017, about 20% of which occurred in the capital.
In late July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shiite district of Kabul.
The Taliban said they carried out this attack.
On May 31, a massive bombing in the center of the city killed more than 150 people with the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led troops ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
The violence underscores the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump considers increasing the number of US troops supporting the military and police in the country.
Correspondents say that the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also caused a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and especially in the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after complaints
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has overturned a decision to delay regulation by the Obama administration, according to which states are obliged to curb smog-causing emissions. This came one day after 15 states sued the agency for the move.
The EPA announced late on Wednesday the decision to move ahead with the so-called "Ozone Regulations 2015" and said it showed the agency's commitment to work with states.
"We believe in dialogue with and responding to our government partners," EPA chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
In June, Pruitt announced the EPA's intention to delay ozone regulations - which will measure pollutant emissions in part of the country to determine where cuts need to be made to meet stricter air quality standards - by one year until October 2018.
A group of 15 mostly democratic states, along with the District of Colombia, filed suit on Tuesday, saying the effort was illegal.
President Donald Trump's administration has sought to roll back a wide range of environmental requirements imposed by former President Barack Obama as part of a broader agenda that Trump says will boost economic growth.
However, these efforts have caused the backlash of Democrats and conservation groups who are concerned about the public health impact of major emissions.
The EPA website says that breathing air that contains ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" such as asthma.
Local council wants common room
In the end, the decision was clear: with two votes against, the local council of Fluorn-Winzeln decided to create a common room in the future senior citizens' residential complex.
Before the discussion, there is one important piece of information: The purchase contract for the remaining part of the property has been signed, reports Mayor Bernhard Tjaden.
Although it will take some time before the area previously belonging to the parish is owned by the municipality, there is now no longer an obstacle to planning the project, which is to be financed by a private investor.
For this there is a discussion about a common room.
One of the two investors who are still on board has offered to accommodate the community.
On the ground floor, he would provide a living space - around 55 square metres - and an adjacent terrace with no less than 70 square metres of space for a special price.
The administration and the majority of the local council have the idea of not using such a common room as a meeting place for the residents of the senior-friendly housing, but to open it up to the community.
As an example, the word "knitting café" made the rounds.
The decision, which was already pre-decided last autumn by providing funds for the current budget, is sweetened by funding opportunities.
The building is located in the redevelopment area.
According to Tjaden, the establishment of a common room would be eligible for 60 percent of 30 percent.
In order to signal to the investor that they do not want to put a spoke in the wheel in this respect, the proposed resolution provides for the statement that both saddle roof - which is based on the surrounding development - and monopitch roof - which reduces the eaves height and makes the construction more economical - would be possible.
Not only Wilfried Sohmer thinks that this addition is unnecessary.
If it helps, he passes the panel unanimously.
It is not so easy with the common room.
Daniela Ruf refers to the many buildings of her own, with which one does not really make progress, but now one leans out of the window at the common room, she says: "I have a hard time with it".
Yvonne Staiger is absolutely in favour of the common room - but absolutely against municipal participation.
It sees behind it a hidden subsidy to already wealthy or even foreign investors.
This is not the case, because the purchase of the land does not constitute a subsidy, but rather a real, marketable equivalent, is the counter argument.
Staiger's motion to split the proposed resolution accordingly finds three supporters.
Thus, with two votes against, the original programme remains, as Stefan Haller summarises it: "If we take the decision like this, we will take a giant step towards closing a huge gap in our infrastructure".
Collision with car: cyclist is thrown onto the road
While crossing the road on Wednesday in Garath, an 82-year-old cyclist was hit by a car and seriously injured.
According to the police, the 82-year-old Langenfelder had been on his bike at 12.20 pm on the cycle path of the Schwarzer Weg road coming from Hilden.
The senior wanted to cross the road at the level of the street Am Buchholzer Busch.
A car driver driving in the same direction gave him priority.
But when the Langenfelder drove onto the road, he apparently did not pay attention to oncoming traffic.
He collided with a car driven by a 66-year-old Hilden woman.
The man was thrown into the street.
He suffered severe injuries and was taken to hospital in an ambulance.
FC Bayern Munich has to do without David Alaba and Thiago in the Supercup against Borussia Dortmund
The Supercup takes place without him: David Alaba has to miss the game against Dortmund.
With personnel worries FC Bayern travels to Dortmund for the first compulsory game of the new season.
Seven professionals are missing the defending Supercup champion against the cup winner.
The personnel worries of the German football record champion Bayern Munich are getting worse and worse before the Supercup on Saturday (20.30 hrs/ZDF and Eurosport) at Cup winner Borussia Dortmund.
Coach Carlo Ancelotti will also have to do without David Alaba in the duel with BVB.
The Italian confirmed this on Friday.
In addition, Munich's Manuel Neuer, James, Thiago, Jerome Boateng, Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat are missing.
Ancelotti has blamed his team's physical condition and lack of balance in the game for five defeats in the last six test matches.
"We know that we are not in the best physical condition," said Ancelotti, adding: "The most important point is the balance in the team.
It hasn't been good lately."
However, the 58-year-old believes in an improvement in performance in the first official compulsory match of the season.
"Football is also tactics, strategy, personality and motivation.
I have great confidence that my team will demonstrate these qualities.
The crew is ready.
We want to play intelligently," said Ancelotti, who expects a "difficult, intense game".
The duel between the two German football heavyweights will cast a spell over the fans.
The match is sold out with 81,360 spectators, the German Football League (DFL) announced on Friday.
Wandering from star to star in the Harz Mountains
In the Harz Mountains, the first "Star Trail" is to be created nationwide.
This is being planned by the Sankt Andreasberg Observatory Association.
There is a planetary path in Göttingen - since 2003.
A "star trail" meets the information needs of many visitors to the Harz mountains, it was said.
It combines nature, science, exercise and sporting performance.
The members want to put up boards along the planned route and inform about stars and constellations.
In a first phase until 2018, the association plans "easily accessible installations at five to six locations" in the Upper Harz Mountains.
St. Andreasberg, Braunlage, Hohegeiß and Sieber would come into question.
The information on the boards is to be supplemented via the Internet.
Good mobile network reception therefore plays a role in the selection of a location.
Accessibility is also a criterion.
Later the Star Trail will be extended step by step.
"On the Star Trail, viewers learn a lot of interesting facts, for example about the physics of the individual stars," the association explained.
They also learned why stars have different colours or why one star shines more brightly than another even though it is much further away.
It also tells you in which constellation a selected star is located and when it is best to see it.
Since 2014, the association has been operating the highest located observatory in Northern Germany in the mountain town of St. Andreasberg.
The location in the middle of the Harz National Park is one of the six darkest regions in Germany, according to the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation.
Often the Milky Way and even the Andromeda galaxy are clearly visible to the naked eye from there.
In the university city, on the initiative of the Förderverein Planetarium Göttingen, there has been something similar to the planned star dwarf - the Planetenweg - since 2003.
Starting in front of Gebhard's hotel in Goetheallee, which forms the interior of our solar system, the Planetenweg with its steles leads up to Hainberg and the observatory - as well as an "extraterrestrial" location in Diemarden (Gleichen municipality) with the planet Sedna.
The stelae with the individual planets - including Pluto, which has been degraded to a dwarf planet at the end point - are positioned exactly at a distance and on a scale of one to two billion.
The earth thus shrinks to a sphere with a diameter of 6.5 millimetres, while the sun, which is exactly 75 metres away, measures 70 centimetres.
The total distance of the planetary path is a good four kilometres.
While the light from the sun to Pluto takes about eight hours, pedestrians need a good hour to reach the stele with Pluto.
Pedestrians are therefore faster than the light in space.
But the march to the next fixed star would still take half a year.
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who were to be on a collision course to stage the most exciting boxing match in the near future under 147 pounds, met for the first time on Thursday.
They were in separate rooms in ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the undefeated World Boxing Council Lightweight Champion, walked down the hall to welcome Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization Super Featherweight Champion.
After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former Four Division World Champion Adrien Broner on Saturday at Showtime, both fighters are members of the top five pound-for-pound list.
Garcia reached out his right hand and said, "How are you, champ?
I wish you good luck."
Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 19:00 on ESPN.
When the couple posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas remarked that a possible showdown between the fighters would be the "perfect scale".
"I am a former featherweight," Garcia recalled.
"I went up for Broner [to 140 pounds], but I'm not that tall.
I'm short for 140.
I want to come down to lightweight.
And he has to move to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we fight.
That's what the fans want.
Let's give them this."
Lomachenko agreed.
"Boxing needs this fight."
Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy that Lomachenko will have to fight with a 135-pound debut this year to agree a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts) who also has interest in fighting the winner of Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell after their lightweight title fight in the Forum on September 23.
"This fight could be in pay-per-view mode because all the fans asked for it," Garcia said, later openly expressing his desire to fight at the network that offers the best financial package.
We are the best.
No other names can generate this kind of attention.
Whenever you're ready... "
Garcia said he appreciated Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter" and that he would possibly participate in his Saturday fight.
But Lomachenko stopped at the generous praise for Garcia and said he thought the Riverside triathlon champion was "looking very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the co-op.
Garcia said the focus was on punching strength, then boxing.
Both said they could feel the momentum building up for their own struggle.
"This is the fight that must be waged.
No other fight creates so much attention and enthusiasm.
I am more than happy to work on it," Garcia said.
Lomachenko said: "I was waiting for the top fighters and this is Mikey.
It'll be a great fight."
Four injured after tyre blowout
In an accident on the A7 motorway on Thursday afternoon, four people were injured, some of them seriously.
According to initial information, the driver of an Opel Zafira lost control of his vehicle around 4.30 pm shortly before the Marktbreit junction, presumably after a tyre blowout.
The car skidded to the right into the embankment, where it overturned and then stopped on the roof in the grass strip.
The four occupants - two adults and two children - were injured in the accident, some of them seriously.
During the initial treatment of the injured by the rescue service, the A7 motorway to the north was closed for about an hour, after which traffic was able to be diverted past the accident site on the left-hand lane.
Fortunas Hoffmann: "Triple chain works better"
Andre Hoffmann hopes after the 2:2 at the season opener against Braunschweig that the optimization of the defensive formation in Aue will bring points.
Andre Hoffmann was satisfied with the first game of the season, and he would have been satisfied with the result, had it not been for the two goals he conceded in the 2-2 draw with Braunschweig.
"That was two goals too many, and we have to be even more careful in Aue," says the Fortuna Düsseldorf defender.
In the Erzgebirge, the three-way chain is to be further optimized.
And a goal after a free kick is not something the Fortunas want to catch either.
"In the future, no one will ever stand on the line next to Michael (Rensing) again."
Hoffmann is convinced that even after the experience gained during the preparation, his team will be able to cope better with the triple chain than with the quad chain.
"I don't know yet how we'll act in Aue," said his coach Friedhelm Funkel, but Hoffmann is sure of his side's side, "because we have players who can build up well, especially in the triple chain on the half positions in Kaan Ayhan and Niko Gießelmann," said Hoffmann.
"Provided, however, that we harmonize even better and that we don't make so many playback errors in the structure."
Of course, Hoffmann also goes to Aue to win the game.
"But whether one can speak of a failed start after a draw, I do not know.
The performance could well be okay," said Hoffmann.
"But if we can score four points on Sunday and concentrate on the cup, we will certainly be able to talk about a decent start to the season.
His coach didn't want to know about it.
"I will only judge the start of the season after six to eight match days," said Friedhelm Funkel, who does not want to speak of an advantage over Aue just because the match of the Saxons in Heidenheim had to be abandoned early due to a storm.
"Now they can practically start the season with a home game," said Funkel, and Hoffmann believes that the players from Aue might even be a little fresher, as they would not have a heavy and complete game like Fortuna against a promotion favourite in their bones.
"But they don't know 100% where they stand at the moment," says the Fortuna central defender.
Although the guests from the Rhineland are the easy favourites and will go to the meeting on Sunday in the (almost) finished stadium in Aue.
"It's nonsense to sweep them away just because we claim to be in the top six," said Funkel, whose record is quite positive with just one defeat to Aue in nine games.
"There is no team in the 2nd Bundesliga that you have to beat from the outset," explains Fortuna's head coach.
"To make such a statement would be arrogant and presumptuous".
And so Funkel definitely does not want to see his players on Sunday.
New results of Swedish asylum age assessment tests published
The latest results of tests for asylum seekers in Sweden, which have been subjected to a new method of medical assessment of their age, show that more than 80 percent of the people tested are over 18 years old. But not everyone believes in the accuracy of these results.
The Swedish Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) began conducting the tests last year.
They are to make the assessment of age more accurate during the asylum procedure, after the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) was criticised for errors in assessing the correct age of some refugees who were minors.
To date, Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now published the results of a total of 2,481 tests from mid-March to 31 July 2017.
Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or older, while in another 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the person was "possibly 18 years or older".
In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person "may be under 18 years of age".
The tests are only carried out in cases where the age of the person is in question.
According to Johan Göransson of the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results have been consistent over the past few months.
"We don't see much difference in the statistics of the past few months, the numbers are fairly constant," he told The Local magazine.
The high proportion of cases where the person was judged to be over 18 years old does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about his age.
In May, the agency published the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 cases that "suggest that the person under investigation is 18 years or older".
When the newspaper Svenska Dagbladet examined the 581 published results, it found that in 243 of these cases the person had openly said that he or she would turn 18 this year.
The method of medical age assessment, in which x-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI images of knee joints are taken, which are then analysed by dentists and radiologists, has also been criticised in some areas.
One sceptic is the endocrinologist Claude Marcus of the Karolinska Institute, whose work involves assessing the biological maturity of people to see whether they went through puberty sooner or later than usual.
"I had reason to think about it, and I don't think that the type of measurement should be used.
To judge the biological age in this way is very uncertain.
If we can't say for sure, we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told Metro newspaper.
However, Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency defended the accuracy of the tests: "In general, you can say that the risk of judging a child incorrectly as an adult is low.
The greatest risk is when the person is just under 18, in which case it is about 10 percent."
Right on schedule
Work on the three bridges of the Landstraße 108 between Lauterbach and Schramberg is progressing well.
On Wednesday, a seven tonne concrete element was installed at the bridge at the eastern entrance to Lauterbach.
"We're very good on time, it's going great," says Reinhold Leicht, site manager at the Department of Roads and Traffic in the Freiburg Regional Council.
In April, work began simultaneously on all three bridges between Schramberg and Lauterbach in need of rehabilitation.
Construction is scheduled to end in October and Leicht is confident that the schedule will be met.
The first bridge, coming from Schramberg, leads over the Trombach.
It is a vaulted arch bridge made of concrete clad with red coloured sandstone and has a total length of 4.80 metres.
It was built in 1900.
Like the other two bridges, it is now getting on in years.
In order to ensure stability and traffic safety, the three structures are now being thoroughly renovated.
The other two bridges lead over the Lauterbach.
They are built of red mottled sandstone.
Both were built in 1939 and are twelve and 10.60 metres long respectively.
The bridge at the entrance to Lauterbach has now received a 1.30 metre wide and seven tonne heavy so-called bridge cap on the north side on Wednesday morning.
This is an edge fortification, which is also used as a service road.
A 2.20 meter wide bridge cap is to be installed on the southern part of the bridge on Friday.
The pedestrian walkway is then to run on it.
The special thing about it is that these are prefabricated parts, a patent of the Schramberg company Dizwo.
The other two bridges are already equipped with the patented bridge caps.
The laying of cables through the building in Lauterbach required particular sensitivity.
This is also where a fiber optic cable runs, to which many companies are connected.
The residents were informed about the project by leaflets in advance of the work.
In addition, fish and crabs had to be fished first.
For the bridges between the building yard building and the collecting pond in the direction of Schramberg, traffic is regulated by a single-lane traffic light.
For the construction work on the bridge at the entrance to Lauterbach, the road in the area of the bridge at the level of the hotels "Tannenhof" and "Sieben Linden" is completely closed.
The total cost of the three bridge renovations is EUR 700 000.
The whole thing is financed by the state.
AfD in Gerolstein: Colourful protest over German potato salad
It's not so often that parties pull together, but when it comes to the Alternative for Germany (AfD), what otherwise is difficult to reconcile comes together.
The parties represented in the Vulkaneifel district council (CDU, SPD, Greens, FDP, FWG, Left Party) belong to a broad alliance which will peacefully fly the flag on this day, because the AfD is inviting people to the "big election campaign kick-off" according to the poster in Gerolstein's town hall Rondell.
And brings well-known names to the starting line - such as Alice Weidel, who together with Alexander Gauland forms the top duo for the federal elections on September 24, and the deputy federal chairwoman Beatrix von Storch.
But those who are already on site hours before the event starts, do not want to listen to the AfD-listeners, but to demonstrate.
The motto "The Eifel remains colourful".
Originally, the city picnic was planned on Brunnenplatz under the motto "Everybody at one table", but now it takes place on the parking lot below the roundabout - and thus directly in front of the eyes of those who come to the AfD event in the Stadthalle.
A colourful picture that presents itself.
And what Christa Karoli, Chairwoman of the One World Forum and one of the main organisers, is really pleased about: "It's great how many people have come together here".
There is music and plenty of food, including a "traditional German potato salad that even the AfD could eat without any problems," says the woman who brought it.
The police have ordered many officers to Gerolstein, they show presence especially at the train station, which is only a few meters away from the venues.
How did the AfD actually come to Gerolstein?
Mario Hompes from the AfD Vulkaneifel reported that he had tried to organise such an event and had been awarded the contract.
The 45-year-old from Gönnersdorf had initially asked in Daun, but had received a refusal there because there were not enough parking spaces available due to the Laurentiuskirmes already being built.
Now then the roundabout, Hompes is pleased that "we can have such a nice event here".
With a view to the event on the roundabout forecourt, he says: "That is the people's right, the main thing is that it remains peaceful".
And it does: Around 8 p.m., a band provides entertainment on the forecourt of the roundabout, and in the Stadthalle various speakers, including the Rhineland-Palatinate AfD chairman Uwe Junge.
There are about 200 people in the hall waiting for the top candidate for the Bundestag elections, Alice Weidel, and the deputy federal chairperson Beatrix von Storch to deliver their speeches.
The police presence is unchanged, but so far the officers have had a quiet evening.
The AfD event lasts a little more than an hour, the guests on the forecourt have a longer breath, but even there, cleaning up is announced shortly after 9 pm.
The police can move away - no special incidents.
Trombone meets trumpet
A reunion with the trombonist Frederic Belli from Wolfach will take place in the series Haslacher Klosterkonzerte tomorrow, Sunday, at 8pm in the monastery church.
Together with the Bulgarian trumpeter Miroslav Petkov he will give a concert with the motto "Black Sea meets Black Forest", or even "Balkan folklore" meets a classical German education with roots in brass music.
Both soloists are winners and prizewinners of numerous international competitions and hold solo positions in top European orchestras.
Petkov is principal trumpeter with the renowned Concertgebouw Orchestra Amsterdam and Frederic Belli is principal trombonist with the SWR Symphony Orchestra.
Both are united by the desire not only to cross the boundaries on their instruments, but also to merge the boundaries of different genres.
Thus Johann Sebastian Bach resounds with the two of them as if in a new guise, Daniel Schnyder's "World Music" combines with Bulgarian folklore, and in the piece "Exchange Suite" by jazz echo prizewinner Nils Wogram, classical music, jazz and free playing blend into a fascinating total work of art.
This core piece of the program was premiered only this spring in Freiburg with enormous success.
The renowned composer Nils Wogram wrote it especially for the two musicians, and even more: the Haslacher Klosterkirche with its special acoustics is deliberately included in the concert.
Kristen Stewart talks about her bisexuality
"Some people love grilled cheese and will eat it for the rest of their lives.
But I want to try everything," says Kristen Stewart quite openly about her bisexuality.
"Once I bite into some grilled cheese, I think, 'Oh, that was cool, what's next?"
Probably the most famous relationship of the Hollywood star was the one with her "Twilight" colleague Robert Pattinson, which eventually broke up bitterly.
Despite all this, the brunette actress assures Harper's Bazaar magazine: "I was seriously in love with everyone I dated.
Or do you think I played it?"
After their separation Kristen admitted that she was bisexual: "I have always lived the dualism and seriously believed in it.
So it has never confused or hindered me before.
I just never liked not to be taken seriously."
According to "Bang Showbiz", she suffered particularly from this in her school days, when she preferred to dress like a boy: "Not all girls are typical girls.
That really hurt me a lot.
When I was 11, the kids told me I looked like a boy.
I felt really attacked, scared and ashamed.
Now I look back and think to myself, "Girl, be proud of yourself."
Especially to the public she does not like to explain her love life: "People expect you to behave in a certain way and that annoys me.
And some may call me ungrateful, but I don't like having to justify myself to the whole public."
The governor of West Virginia announces he's changing parties
. The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he would change parties.
Like it or not, the Democrats have moved away from me," Governor Justice said.
"Today I will tell you with much prayer and much reflection... today I'm gonna tell you, as a resident of West Virginia, I can't help you if I'm a Democratic governor."
The rally erupted in jubilation.
"Tomorrow I'll change my registration to Republican," Justice added.
"As coach, I'd say it's time to play another game."
Mr. Trump promised a big announcement earlier at the West Virginia Rally.
Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Justice, who according to Forbes is the only billionaire in the state, was elected in 2016.
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states and inherited a coal business from his father.
It's worth about $1.59 billion.
Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee issued a statement on Thursday night saying, "Governor Justice's change of party is another blow to a Democratic Party that would hinder rather than work to make our country great again.
"With only 15 governorates and control of the fewest legislative bodies in history, Governor Justice's announcement is only the latest rejection of a party that is top to bottom without leadership and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC Chairman Ronna McDaniel told CBS News in a statement.
Coe praises "honest" Russian apology for doping scandal
The world's head of athletics, Sebastian Coe, on Thursday praised what he described as an obvious excuse from Russia for a doping scandal, but repeated that it was not the moment for the country to be reintroduced into sport.
Russia's head of athletics Dmitry Shylakhtin said during the IAAF Congress on the eve of the World Athletics Championships that the banishment of his country from sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
He said he was sorry for "all athletes who were snatched away gold and silver medals in competitions".
Despite its comments, the IAAF Congress voted to maintain the ban, which was imposed in November 2015 after a report by the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
"I thought it was a very open response today, a very honest presentation," IAAF President Coe told reporters.
"The whole Council and the whole Congress were pleased that the Russian Federation has recognised in itself that it has experienced some rather hot times and will do everything possible to ensure that the Federation is reshaped".
Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for his reinstatement.
"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress has been made, but Congress supports the Task Force's recommendations that this is not the time to reinstate Russia," Coe said.
"Over the next few months, we must do everything we can to normalize this situation.
The guiding principle has always been to separate the clean athletes from the corrupt system," he added
Nineteen Russian athletes will compete as neutral players according to the strict IAAF criteria at the World Championships in Athletics, which begin on Friday in London.
The head of the IAAF task force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia still had to meet some of the criteria for reinstatement.
Drug testing is still insufficient and banned trainers are still free to operate, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
Mourning act for soldiers crashed in Mali
At a funeral service in Fritzlar, North Hesse, about 1000 people commemorated the two soldiers who died in a helicopter crash in Mali.
The ceremony took place on Thursday in the cathedral city under high security measures.
Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) did not comment on the still unexplained cause of the crash.
However, she described the two pilots who died as "experts in their field".
"We bow to this supreme sacrifice they have made on behalf of the Federal Republic of Germany," she declared.
The 33-year-old Major and the 47-year-old Chief of Staff from North Hesse had died in Mali, West Africa, a week ago Wednesday.
Their coffins were transferred to Germany and brought to St. Peter's Cathedral in Fritzlar on Thursday, accompanied by a wake of the German Armed Forces.
At noon only the relatives said goodbye in the church.
Afterwards, the funeral service began in the circle of family, closest friends, representatives of the Bundeswehr and politicians.
Among them were Hesse's Prime Minister Volker Bouffier (CDU) and the Inspector General of the German Armed Forces Volker Wieker.
Mourners laid down roses, the relatives stood arm in arm at the coffins.
In front of the church, Fritzlar citizens and numerous soldiers watched the ceremony on a screen.
Defense Minister von der Leyen described the killed soldiers as "highly decorated" and experienced in operations.
The Chief of Staff had helped to establish the flight operations of the Tiger combat helicopter in Fritzlar and was one of the first six trained Tiger pilots in his regiment.
Volker Bauersachs, commander of the regiment to which the soldiers belong, also declared: "If this crew was unable to avert the crash, no one would have been able to".
Minister von der Leyen did not express doubts about the UN mission in Mali: the mission was dangerous.
But it is also of great importance "for a country from which we are separated by only two states," she said.
After the funeral service the coffins were brought from the cathedral.
When and where they will be buried, the Bundeswehr did not provide any information on this.
Prince Henrik does not want a grave next to his wife
The husband of the Danish Queen Margrethe (77), Prince Henrik (83), does not want to be buried next to his wife after his death.
This was announced by the royal family on Thursday.
Traditionally, the Danish royal couple is buried in Roskilde Cathedral.
The sculptor Bjørn Nørgaard already made a sarcophagus for the two of them.
The queen agreed with the decision of her husband, the communication went on to say.
Where Prince Henrik will be buried is still unclear.
However, he had no intention of being buried in his French homeland.
Prince Henrik had never made a secret of the fact that he was not happy with his title.
After the accession of his wife Margrethe to the throne in 1972, he would have liked to become king.
In 2016 he retired and also took the title of "Prince Consort".
Since Henrik had not been given the title and function he wanted in Denmark, he did not consider himself equal to his wife - even after death, explained Lene Balleby, the chief spokeswoman of the Danish royal family.
It is still unclear where the final resting place of the 83-year-old will finally be.
However, he did not intend to be buried in his French homeland, but in Denmark.
He likes the country he's worked for the last 50 years.
Born Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, son of a French noble family, Margrethe had met Margrethe in London in 1965.
On the Thames he worked in the French embassy.
While his later wife always received the sympathy of the people, Prince Henrik had a difficult time with the Danes during his almost 50 years of reign.
In an autobiography Henrik said about the first years in Denmark: "A few months after my arrival, everything I did was criticised.
My Danish was fluctuating, I preferred wine instead of beer, silk stockings instead of knitted socks, Citroën instead of Volvo, tennis instead of football.
Even for the Gauloises, which I smoked instead of Virginia tobacco and which in this country had the reputation of being the brand of socially critical intellectuals, I could not hope for leniency.
I was different.
I seemed to be satisfied with this position and not ashamed.
That was two mistakes!"
Prime Minister Weil wants quick new elections
CDU and FDP face possible majority in Lower Saxony
Following the loss of the red-green government majority, Lower Saxony's State Premier Stephan Weil (SPD) is in favour of a rapid re-election of the state parliament, but he does not want to resign.
On Friday, Weil spoke out in favour of dissolving Parliament.
Previously, the surprise departure of a Green member of parliament from her parliamentary group in Lower Saxony had plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a serious crisis.
Five months before the official date of the state elections, the red-green coalition in Hanover thus lost its narrow one-vote majority in parliament to the opposition of CDU and FDP.
The former Green MEP Elke Twesten justified her move by stating that her constituency in Rotenburg (Wümme) had not been nominated for the 2018 elections.
"I see my political future in the CDU," she declared in Hanover on Friday.
CDU faction leader Björn Thümler wants to recommend his faction to include it.
This would give the CDU and FDP together 69 seats in Lower Saxony's state parliament, and the SPD and Greens 68 seats.
Until now, the ratio has been the opposite.
The new state parliament will be elected on 14 January next year.
Thümler said that the red-green state government must now decide whether it can continue to govern in this situation without a majority.
However, Stephan Weil considers it essential that the state parliament decide on its self-dissolution as quickly as possible.
The CDU faction is expected to decide on Tuesday on how to proceed.
The state constitution also provides for the possibility of the state parliament withdrawing its confidence in the prime minister and electing a successor.
"Our constitution offers several options.
These possibilities must be examined in a legally sound manner", said Thümler.
"All matters will be considered at their leisure when they have been properly and reasonably considered."
Thümler called Twesten's step "somewhat strange".
The politician herself stressed: "I am not a traitor.
I feel very good".
She called herself a follower of black and green.
The Greens called on the renegade member of parliament to return her parliamentary mandate.
"We naturally assume that she will return her parliamentary mandate, which she received via the green state list, with immediate effect," announced the state chairmen Meta Janssen-Kucz and Stefan Körner.
Green leader Anja Piel said: "We very much regret Elke Twesten's decision".
She had deliberately chosen not to have a debate in the group.
"Even against the background that there were no differences in content, we cannot understand this step."
SPD candidate for chancellor Martin Schulz condemns the transfer of Lower Saxony's Green Party member of parliament Elke Twesten to the CDU as a betrayal.
"The behaviour of the former Green members of parliament in Lower Saxony is not only a betrayal of the voters, but also a betrayal of Red-Green," the federal leader of the Social Democrats wrote on Facebook on Friday.
He supported the decision of Minister President Stephan Weil (SPD) to have the state parliament quickly re-elected.
The resignation of Twesten costs Red-Green the majority in Lower Saxony.
The politician, "in her injured vanity and frustration, puts her personal interests before the welfare of the country," criticized SPD Secretary General Hubertus Heil.
"It is a scandal that the CDU in Lower Saxony is taking part in this dirty intrigue and is trying to make political capital out of it".
Lower Saxony's CDU faction leader, Björn Thümler, wants to recommend his members of parliament to accept Elke Twesten into the CDU.
The leader of the SPD parliamentary group in the Bundestag, Thomas Oppermann, accused Twesten of distorting the results of the state elections in 2013 with personal career considerations.
At that time, the CDU was the strongest force before the SPD, but the SPD and the Greens had a wafer-thin majority of one vote in the state parliament.
Interview with the Minister of Agriculture - How do we protect ourselves from poisonous eggs, Mr Schmidt?
Germany discusses contaminated eggs.
How could the scandal happen?
How can consumers protect themselves.
Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt (CSU) is interviewed by the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Mr Schmidt, How can consumers protect themselves from poisoned eggs?
I can only encourage all consumers to take a close look at the eggs in your fridge and check the stamp imprint.
On the consumer protection portal www.Lebensmittelwarnung.de the federal states provide the latest information on the egg batches concerned.
Affected eggs should be destroyed or returned.
Even though, according to all we know at present, a health hazard is practically excluded.
Is Aldi now assuming the best possible crisis response - all eggs out of supply - because the central role of the reconnaissance agent is not really being fulfilled by the Federal Minister of Agriculture?
Food monitoring is the responsibility of the federal states.
Despite this, my house was immediately activated and has been in close contact with the authorities of the federal states since the German authorities became aware of Germany's affliction.
All information and the risk assessment is available to consumers.
Retailers, like manufacturers, must ensure that the products sold are marketable and harmless to health.
If the maximum residue level of 0,005mg/kg is exceeded for eggs, they are not fit for human consumption.
However, uncontaminated eggs may be sold and consumed.
This time it's not the companies' fault.
Are production companies and consumers in the same boat?
According to current knowledge, the production companies are not directly responsible.
Rather, they must expect to suffer economic damage due to alleged illegal practices by service providers.
As always, there are too few inspectors in case of emergency.
Is there a lack of personnel only or also of conclusive responsibility?
It was precisely the official controls that revealed the process.
However, it is also true that food fraud and criminal energy can never be 100 percent excluded.
Precisely for this reason, consistent clarification of such events and the handing over to public prosecutors in cases where criminal offences may have been committed are of crucial importance.
I have already made it clear on several occasions that I expect the responsible authorities to provide a complete explanation.
Is regular alarmism in food scandals really necessary?
Consumers have the right to receive only safe and marketable food.
When an unauthorised insecticide is used in the food industry, consumers are rightly outraged.
The adulterated product has put producers, traders and consumers in a situation that is absolutely unnecessary.
Basically it must be clear: The unlawful use of the insecticide fipronil in food producing animals is unacceptable and must be stopped immediately.
This must be worked on consistently and with high pressure at all levels.
I expect all responsible authorities to clarify the facts of the case quickly and completely.
How the financial rules of football affect Neymar's move to Paris
The rules, which are designed to prevent unfettered spending by European football clubs, will not interfere with Neymar's world record transfer from Barcelona in Spain to Paris-Saint Germain in France.
Some consequences are yet to come for Paris Saint-Germain of UEFA, as the governing body that oversees the European game has the power to ban teams from entering the prestigious Champions League tournament.
Financial fair play rules, which were introduced by UEFA in 2011, mean that PSG will at some point have to prove that the transfer from Neymar was financed without major losses.
Barcelona has paid 222 million euros ($262 million) to buy the Brazilian out of his contract, and Neymar will receive a salary that will be tens of millions of dollars a year.
Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
PSG can certainly loosen the purse strings to get Neymar to sign and take him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding by the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
Clubs are allowed to spend a lot of money on the acquisition of players, but must counteract this with legitimate sources of income that enable them to break even in their football related business.
FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA President in 2007.
The former French player believed that clubs that had incurred enormous debts in their quest for success were effectively cheating and risked ruining themselves if banks or owners withdrew their support.
In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on the clubs' debts to monitoring their losses.
The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich originally used in Chelsea in 2003 - buying a club with potential and then investing heavily to improve the team and build a global brand - was to become a tougher proposition.
During the current three-year FFP investment period, which runs until 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
And although Platini has fallen from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin continues to work to discourage excessive spending.
"Certainly FFP is not dead and we will certainly strengthen the rules for the future," Andrea Traverso, UEFA's FFP manager, told The Associated Press last week.
Although PSG paid Neymar's buy-out clause in a lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the duration of his contract.
Neymar has signed a five-year contract so that the redemption sum of 44.4 million euros for the next five years can be shown in the annual accounts.
The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 hit PSG along with Abu Dhabi, which is owned by Manchester City, with the most severe sanctions.
The PSG was fined 60 million euros (82 million dollars at the time), which was later reduced to 20 million euros - and it was ordered that team members for the Champions League of the 2014/15 season be limited to 21 players instead of the otherwise normal 25 players.
UEFA is on the lookout for clubs that might try to outsmart its financial oversight by inflating their revenues through companies linked to the owners of a club.
While a Qatari company could sponsor the PSG if the value of the sponsorship were to exceed standard market rates, UEFA would not consider this as legitimate income.
This is exactly what happened in 2014 when UEFA decided that the value of the PSA's sponsorship was inflated by the Qatar Tourism Authority.
It was reported that part of the PSG payments to Neymar could come from payments by the Organising Committee of the 2022 World Cup in Qatar.
But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become World Cup ambassador and such a manoeuvre might be easy for UEFA regulators to find out.
The sanctions imposed on PSG so far mean that UEFA will be even more vigilant in respecting any attempt to circumvent the rules.
UEFA did not have preparatory talks with PSG about Neymars transfer, said on Thursday people familiar with the situation.
They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity, as they were not authorised to discuss the PSG situation.
The latest published reports show that PSG 2015/16 made a profit of more than 10 million euros with a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
The accounts for the last financial year still have to be published.
PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon to sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
The association assumes that the turnover will increase by at least 30 percent after the signing.
The Spanish league was clearly irritated to see one of the best football players go and they tried to prevent Neymar's departure by claiming that PSG would injure the FFP.
"It's a clear case of 'financial doping' with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told the Spanish daily AS with regard to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state financing a club.
"It is the consequence of ownership and this has completely changed the entire landscape of football over the last 15 years," Wenger said on Thursday.
"Once a country has a club, anything is possible.
It becomes very difficult to respect financial fair play because you go different ways or you can have different interests when a country has such a big player to represent a country".
Swiss is looking for a new chocolate supplier
In recent years, Chocolat Frey has produced board chocolate for Swiss.
Now the sweet cooperation is about to come to a possible end: the airline is putting the contract out to tender again.
At the request of the news agency sda, Swiss spokeswoman Meike Fuhlrott confirmed a corresponding report by the newspaper "Nordwestschweiz" on Friday.
According to current planning, the airline will conclude a new contract in the first half of 2018.
The products would be inspected every two to three years and subjected to quality control.
"We are very satisfied with our current supplier Chocolat Frey," said the spokeswoman.
Every year, the flight attendants distribute around 17 million small red and white chocolate bars weighing 14 grams to passengers before landing.
Swiss did not want to give any information about the costs.
Industry insiders estimate the order volume according to "Northwest Switzerland" at 1.5 to 2 million francs - the Migros subsidiary achieves an annual turnover of around one billion francs.
But the advertising effect is always more important: for a chocolate manufacturer it is a prestigious order.
Swiss does not want to reveal how many applicants there are in the new tender.
However, only Swiss manufacturers are eligible.
According to the newspaper report, Chocolat Frey intends to seek a renewal of the contract beyond spring 2018.
For the sda, the largest Swiss chocolate manufacturer was not available for a statement.
Swiss has been distributing chocolate bars on board its flights since 2006.
Before Swiss signed a contract with the Migros subsidiary, Barry Callebaut had delivered the chocolate trays in cooperation with Hug.
Swiss introduced the possibility of placing the logo two and a half years ago when it started its collaboration with Chocolat Frey.
The airline cooperates with various Swiss chocolate producers.
On long-haul flights, First Class customers will be treated to delicacies from Confiserie Sprüngli, while passengers in Business Class will be treated to chocolates from Lindt and those in Economy Class to chocolates from Chocolat Frey.
Swiss also distributes Chocolat Frey chocolates on short-haul flights, both in business and economy class.
Athletics - Discus Olympic champion Robert Harting reaches World Cup final
The three-time world champion will fight for a medal in the final on Saturday.
His brother Christoph, Olympic champion of 2016, had failed in the national World Cup elimination and could only watch the discus competition from the stands.
Also with his first attempt, the Polish title holder Piotr Malachowski, who threw 65.13 metres, qualified for the final.
Nostalgia goes in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
This repetition of history is simultaneously nostalgic for the glorious days of the characters of the 1980s, for the 90s Grunge era (when masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter shot the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV), and for themselves - that is, for 2001, before their stars, such as Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.
As a cultural artifact, it is both a parody and an embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent memories.
But as a franchise, it feels like time is running out.
"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not only because of its absurd humor (it contained an original story for a talking can of vegetables spoken by H. Jon Benjamin).
By getting to the heart of the gag - middle-aged actors playing horny kids who are growing up - they still managed to win back the last part of the joke.
"Ten Years Later", with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody is more watering can, including a riff on the stalker movies of the 90s like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle".
At one point, a character browses through an Apple powerbook, some inline skates, and "a bunch of other stuff from 1991.
Many of the central stories are the same.
The gracious Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, has still not forgotten Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
Victor (Ken Marino) has still not lost his virginity.
And there's another crazy-malicious plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), who is now supported by George H. W. Bush (a well done impression of Michael Ian Black).
As always the digressions are the best part of the franchise.
It's especially fun to see the eternally young Mr. Rudd showing Matt Dillon's lower lip beard from "Singles", whose former Big Man-on-Camp Andy now feels like an old fart.
It's the moments of random madness that could fuel this franchise like a kind of repetitive "Seven Up!" series until he reaches what I take to be his logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later", the last scene of which will show the gang visiting the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer".
"Comrade Detective" on Amazon now recalls a different kind of nostalgia: the revival of the Cold War by "The Americans", the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW" with its East-West wrestling iconography.
The comedy created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas as director, claims to be a found TV series: a Romanian drama of the eighties with the two policemen as friends, two officers from Bucharest, who fight for truth, atheism and the path of Marxism-Leninism.
The leading roles - a hard-boiled Gregor and an idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, whose dialogues are dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
It's a brilliant idea.
But it's not much more than an idea.
There are some nice gags to watch (the police spend their time watching chess on TV, as Americans might do with football).
And the list of famous speakers - including Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of 'Find out the voice'.
But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the truthfulness of a desperate propaganda drama - a murderer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
With six long episodes it drags on and the comedy is not fast or frequent enough.
"Comrade Detective", which has been edited to a shorter length, could deliver its agitprop satire better, as Gregor and Iosef keep visiting the American embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men who gobble up a bunch of hamburgers.
The message for the imagined communist audience is that Western culture can make anything into fodder for a feast.
The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: we even do it with our own recent history and theirs.
Strike against drug mafia in the country
The police have succeeded in striking a blow against the Italian Mafia in Baden-Wuerttemberg.
On Wednesday morning, numerous objects were searched in the Black Forest-Baar district, in Rottweil, Constance, Esslingen and Stuttgart, the Constance public prosecutor's office announced on Friday.
In the process, 15 accused persons aged between 25 and 77 years were arrested and warrants for their arrest have already been issued.
The officers also seized large quantities of marijuana and cocaine, firearms and several hundred thousand euros.
Two people were arrested during simultaneous raids in Italy.
German arrest warrants were issued for the two suspected Italians.
The two will therefore probably be extradited to Germany.
Italian and Bavarian investigators were involved in the operation.
A total of over 300 police officers were deployed.
Members of the mafia are accused of organised drug crime, serious acts of violence, attempted murder, robbery and extortion.
The Constance public prosecutor's office has been investigating organized drug trafficking in southern Germany since summer 2016.
There was a lively exchange between the public prosecutor's offices in Constance and Palermo and the investigators of the Rottweil CID had almost daily contact with their colleagues in Sicily.
For this reason, the major operation on Wednesday morning was also accompanied by four officials from Palermo.
The investigations focused primarily on Italian citizens with close links to the Italian mafia.
An incident in Hüfingen on 27 May, in which several shots were fired into a restaurant early in the morning, may also be attributable to the gang.
Weise complains about large gaps in the register of foreigners
"Data of citizens who should not appear there": According to a report, the register of foreigners in Germany shows considerable deficiencies.
This leads to sometimes serious mistakes in asylum procedures.
According to a media report, the Federal Commissioner for Refugee Management, Frank-Jürgen Weise, has drawn attention to large gaps in the Central Register of Foreigners.
According to an analysis in the newspaper "Süddeutsche Zeitung", deficiencies in the data registered there could lead to "in part serious mistakes" in asylum procedures and deportations.
According to the register, ten million people with foreign citizenship are recorded, including about 5.7 million from non-EU countries.
According to this, the data is administered by about 600 immigration authorities in Germany.
Because the data had not been sufficiently maintained, the data quality had not been good in parts.
In individual cases, data from 1921 had been found, "of people who have long since ceased to be alive, or of citizens who have become German citizens and who should actually no longer appear in the register".
"Incorrect data entries can significantly slow down return processes," the report continues.
Moreover, the statistics on people who are obliged to leave the country include EU citizens who do not have to leave at all.
However, such incorrect classifications "led to a distorted debate on how to deal with those who were obliged to leave the country", according to the analysis.
Meanwhile, the federal government has apparently begun to send back to Italy refugee families with children under 16 years of age, if they have entered from there.
According to the newspaper "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung", this is the result of an internal paper of the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF).
According to the paper, the BAMF is to conduct such procedures "concerning families with children - with the exception of infants and small children - to Italy again since 1 June 2017".
Since the end of 2014, this has been practically impossible, the newspaper said, referring to the difficult situation on the ground.
According to the Dublin Convention, refugees are responsible for the EU state which they reach first.
When a migrant travels on to another EU country, that country can send him or her back to the country of entry.
The Office now writes: "In the meantime, the reception capacity for families with underage children in Italy has increased considerably".
Italy has provided guarantees for the reception and accommodation of families.
Even the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) considers these commitments to be sufficient.
Other EU states would also send refugees back there under the Dublin Convention.
Ulla Jelpke, spokeswoman for domestic policy of the Left parliamentary group in the Bundestag, has criticised this decision: "Families with children are threatened with reception conditions contrary to human rights and a threat to the welfare of the child due to the deficiencies of the Italian asylum system".
Second best result achieved
The blood donation service has already made a total of 220 litres of blood from people living in Oberreichenbach available to other people.
At least by the 12 citizens who were awarded on Friday.
First and foremost Jürgen Greule, who in the meantime shared 50 litres of blood with his 100 donations.
Traditionally, the congregation honours the multiple willingness to donate blood in the meeting of the local council.
"It's ingenious how our body is designed for this and we pay respect to the donors who make their blood available to strangers, even altruistically," emphasized Mayor Karlheinz Kistner.
"A single blood donation helps several people," explained Holger Maisenbacher, the head of the Kreisbereitschaftsleiter des Deutschen Roten Kreuzes (DRK), because the canned food is broken down into its components.
In this way, three people could benefit from donating blood.
At the same time, Maisenbacher reported on the activities that will be carried out in Oberreichenbach in the spring.
"This year we achieved the second-best result with 114 donors," said the DRK district leader.
Obviously the change to the Theaterhaus a few years ago had led to higher numbers of participants.
Even before that, Thomas Bockstadt, Susanne Reichle, Sandra Schöck, Thomas Reichle and Meta Umbeer were among the multiple donors and were each awarded for 50 blood donations.
Herbert Mair and Dorothee Riexinger recorded half as many, while Tamara Pfrommer, Petra Schleeh, Stefanie Stoll and Uwe Vetter each gave ten times 500 millilitres of their lifeblood.
The Bank of England will keep interest rates at 0.25%.
The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after weak economic growth and weakening inflation dampened speculation about a rise.
The Bank of England has warned that economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it maintained interest rates on family incomes in the midst of mounting pressure.
Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Committee (MPC) voted 6 to 2 to keep interest rates at 0.25%, with fewer members aiming for an increase this month as weak economic growth weakened support for an increase.
In its quarterly inflation report, the bank reduced its growth forecasts for 2017 to 1.7% and for 2018 to 1.6% and warned that pressure on household incomes would continue, with inflation expected to rise to just under 3% in the autumn.
But she signalled that interest rate hikes would be necessary in the coming years to curb the inflation fueled by the brexite and said that the cost of borrowing may have to rise more than expected in the financial markets.
The members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economic stimulus package issued a year ago after the brexite.
It will demand time for the funding plan to provide cheaper funding for banks from next February, although it has been said that it is now expected to provide £15 billion more under the scheme - with £115 billion sterling.
Minutes after the decision on the interest rate, the bank said: "In MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains weak in the short term, as pressure on real household incomes continues to weigh on consumption.
On interest rates, she reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be necessary to cool down inflation and "somewhat more" than the markets expect.
The markets are currently forecasting the first increase in the third quarter of next year and another one in 2020.
However, the Bank stressed that increases would be "gradual" and "limited".
The Bank's growth forecasts for this and next year, which have been revised downwards, compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% forecast in May.
It has maintained its growth forecast of 1.8% in 2018.
The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after this news.
The pound sterling fell by 0.5% to USD 1.31 and dropped by 0.4% to EUR 1.11.
The decision to leave it unchanged comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened rising expectations of an interest rate hike and GDP rose to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
Growth is expected to be 0.3% in the third quarter, although the Bank expects it to recover slightly towards the end of the year.
The latest inflation report offered little enthusiasm for households affected by rising inflation and small pay rises, as the tightening will first get worse before it will improve.
She added that monetary policy cannot "prevent" the collapse of incomes in the next few years, but she added that wages will recover "significantly" at the end of her three-year forecast.
The economy is also being strengthened by the rising demand for British goods, due to the weak pound, which will compensate for part of the lower consumer spending.
The decision comes a year after interest rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shocking EU vote that caused the pound to fall.
The Bank estimates that it will probably take four years for this to fully reach prices and the economy.
Before the Bank's latest ruling on interest rates, calls for a rate hike had risen as inflation increased pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for a rise to 0.5% in July.
Inflation fell to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the bank said this was expected and that it would pick up again in the coming months.
The Bank said that the overshoot in relation to its 2% target was "entirely" due to the weak pound.
Andrew Montlake, Director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "With the recent decline in swap rates, the mortgage market should become more competitive again as lenders are loudly looking for deals and want to end the year in a positive way.
The market looks particularly good for those where existing deals are expiring and who are taking out new mortgages, and many with free options and low rates are becoming increasingly popular.
NHS (The National Health Service) to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000 people
Patients will have access to "transformative" HIV prevention treatment from September onwards, following a battle in the High Court against the funding of the drug in the NHS.
NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) taken before sexual intercourse, which can reduce the risk of infection in high-risk patients by about 86 percent, is now being delivered by the health service through an initial three-year study for an estimated 10,000 people.
He agreed to fund the process after the Court of Appeal upheld a Supreme Court ruling last year that the NHS had the power to pay for the PrEP despite the claim that local authorities should fund it.
The move announced on Thursday was welcomed by NHS England Chief Simon Stevens as "an important new intervention", while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as "a decisive moment".
Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to register people, and more clinics will follow in October before it is rolled out across England in April 2018.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a series of HIV preparations taken before sex to reduce the risk of HIV infection.
Studies have shown that PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at risk of infection.
Taking PrEP before sexual intercourse means that there is just enough medication in a person's body to prevent HIV infection.
Such drugs can be taken every day or so two hours before sexual intercourse.
Those eligible for treatment include gay or bisexual men, transsexual men, and those with HIV-positive partners who have not been successfully treated.
Clinics will identify suitable participants who agree to participate in the study, including men, women, transgenders and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by antiretroviral treatment.
People who live in England and are registered with a family doctor can also register for possible participation in their local participating sex clinic.
The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to supply the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
The study is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by collecting clinical evidence as it is targeted, absorbed and implemented on a large scale.
Stevens said: "This major new intervention should complement and overtake the far-reaching and increasingly successful efforts to prevent HIV.
It is another milestone in the more than three decades of sustained progress in addressing one of the greatest health challenges facing humanity".
Deborah Gold, Chief Executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: "This is a defining moment in the fight against HIV.
PrEP, when targeted at needy and vulnerable people, offers the opportunity to change the English HIV epidemic.
From September onwards, people at high risk of HIV will have access to this NHS-funded trial in England to develop a new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
We warmly welcome this announcement."
Ian Green, Chairman of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: "The priority now must be to ensure that the study is carried out quickly across the country and that no one at risk of HIV is left behind.
Now that the PrEP test medicine has been procured, we are well on the way to protecting more than 10,000 HIV-infected people".
Sharon Hodgson, Shadow Health Secretary, said: "The start of the PrEP process is welcome and overdue after months of delays and hesitant implementation by the government.
The evidence shows how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and can end the transmission of this life-changing infection.
This trial brings us one step closer to understanding the benefits of PrEP.
Now it is important that this study is carried out across the country as soon as possible to protect people who are HIV-infected and that it will help bring us a step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society'.
Living the big life: Mezzanine floor and clever designer tricks have turned this small Earls Court apartment into a spacious home
Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for real estate, downsized in 2014 from a large house in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment.
It is located on the first floor of an elegant Queen Anne terrace - and it is proof of the new design that Joanne did not pack and sell her bags.
"Before that, I lived in a much bigger room in Knightsbridge with my ex," Joanne says.
"I was looking for something that could compare to my price.
I was shown this apartment in Earls Court, and it had the same high ceilings.
I fell in love with her and made an offer that day."
Since the first inspection, the 1,000 square foot apartment has been completely overhauled.
Originally a one bedroom property with a nested layout - you had to go through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
That was my requirement," she says.
To this end she commissioned the architecture and design studio Duck & Shed of Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill to use the 12.5 foot high ceilings to create a home that was not only a development but also a place to live for Joanne.
The ceiling was not large enough to place two rooms on top of each other, so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine floor in which one could stand.
Erfan had to think creatively to solve the problem.
"The steelworks is quite complicated," he explains.
"We had to arrange the rooms so that they were stacked on top of each other without having to bend down.
It was not just a matter of building a simple platform, but of placing the steel at the right height for the function at the top or bottom".
This arrangement enabled Erfan to place two rooms on top of each other at full height - with much additional drama.
For the mezzanine floor, a classic copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area.
Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting set the style for the range.
The use of mirrors plays a role in adding theatre, space and light.
A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it look longer.
In the kitchen, the reflection feels like a window into another room.
At the entrance, mirrored units provide space for all of Joanne's cutlery and glasses.
By perceiving a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room can close off the kitchen when it is not in use.
Collapsible kitchens are nothing new.
The special thing about this one is that it is a garage door.
"A bit of engineering went into it," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
"It's counterweighted so that when you push up the door, it slides very easily."
Thanks to the clever use of space and storage, Joanne was able to gain an additional 16m², an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
"At the end of the day you will sell the floor space - or how your property is valued," says Erfan.
"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will enter and make a calculation based on the size of the floor."
Here they have managed to increase the floor area and at the same time use high-quality materials that give the room its luxurious advantage.
"The materials are the things you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
"You don't fall in love with the electric sockets in the walls.
These are important, but they don't play with your heart."
It shows that good design and increased square metres can transform a flat from something standard into something quite amazing.
In fact, like Joanne, you might decide not to leave them.
Brothers fighting over a $500 million real estate empire
Four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty, two brothers find themselves in a dispute over one of Victoria's largest real estate empires, worth over $500 million.
The former director of the 'Carlton Football Club' and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a villa in Toorak, just three doors away from his younger brother Paul. The latter took him to the Supreme Court to clarify how their property and business assets should be divided.
Paul had wanted to retire from the family business since 2014, but a sharp dispute over the separation is taking place in the Supreme Court.
Together with their mother Anna, the brothers own 38 properties valued at more than half a billion dollars, accumulated since the family bought a business on Smith Street, Collingwood in 1973.
There the Westco Jeans family founded Jeans and grew to a chain of 160 retail stores.
It was sold in 1999 for USD 85 million.
This money was invested in real estate and De Lutis' portfolio now includes downtown offices, the Brunswick and Sorrento development areas, the Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments and suburban shopping centres.
Under an agreement with her late father, Colin - described by Paul as the "main operator and the dominant figure" in the De Lutis family - owns about two thirds of the company's assets and Paul about one third.
A court record states that this means that Colin owns property valued at $316 million and Paul owns property valued at $176 million.
The division of property and cash has proven to be a problem for Paul.
"The divisions proposed by Colin left him with what I thought were the best objects," he wrote in a first affidavit in 2015.
Last Friday the first hearing of the Supreme Court took place after several failed mediations.
The brothers are now also fighting for control of the existing business - from which, as Paul claims, Colin has excluded him.
Colin argues that this is not true, but accuses Paul of managing some properties incompetently.
In an early affidavit submitted by Colin, he says he hopes to settle the dispute.
"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
Costs are rising in this case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, e-mails and reports from companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer, and leading lawyers including Allan Myers, QC, and mutually owned law firms.
Mrs. De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and bought a shop in Brunswick in the early 1970s.
They used the security to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my last years of high school when Paul was a little kid (about 10 years old)."
Anna De Lutis says that she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass on their property amicably to their sons.
"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin claiming that Mark was paid $10 million and Luke $26 million when he left the company.
Both Luke and Mark, says Paul, "have become bitter about the terms of their financial separation.
Colin was very reluctant to get involved, despite being a former AFL board member and the TV star's best friend according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire.
Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis and their lawyers.
Only Colin replied by SMS to say "I really can't say much" because the case was in the courts.
"It is very, very sad that my brother Paul has decided to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
In mid-2016, Colin wrote a letter to the court saying that he had tried to meet his brother's demands.
"Our father would not have wanted Paul and I to end in our current quarrel," he said, adding that he "still hopes for a solution.
By Friday, that hope seemed to be gone.
"Our matter will be settled by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
Trump's new chief of staff plans to curtail the president's media-abstinence.
Others have tried and failed.
Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
If so, he'll be the first.
Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the chief on a more even keel.
Here's a piece by reporter Josh Dawsey:
"When John F. Kelly, the new White House Chief of Staff, met with senior officials on his first day on the job, he identified a major problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he wanted to fix: bad information falling into the hands of the President.
Kelly told staff that information should flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if he had good information."
Kelly's diagnosis makes sense, but others have tried to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he is in the White House, his television advertising is still strong.
"If Candidate Trump was upset about unfair reporting, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair reporting from jobs that were persuasive," former campaign consultant Sam Nunberg told Politico in February.
Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes constant praise.
Okay.
But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit was ever "under control" is ridiculous.
Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that without their intervention, Trump's tweets would have been even more explosive.
We'll probably never know about the tweets Trump didn't send.
If his employees have managed to keep him out of trouble several times, their efforts have been worthwhile.
But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from causing controversy.
Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing parties, people keep trying to advance their own agenda by presenting Trump material that may advance their views of the world.
Politico - completely preoccupied with this story - reported in May about the preference of the advisors to provide the president with dubious information for strategic reasons.
This was an example described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
"Current and former Trump officials say that Trump can react like a volcano to negative press clippings, especially those with damaging leaks, and that he is obsessed with finding out where they came from.
This is exactly what happened in late February when someone maliciously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused Deputy Chief of Staff Katie Walsh of being "the source behind a bunch of leaks" at the White House.
Although Johnson has been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment, or that he has not offered any concrete evidence, or that he has made false accusations in the past and revoked them.
Trump read the article and started interviewing employees about Walsh."
Goldmacher added that then Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and White House Secretary General Rob Porter "tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork that Trump receives.
How'd that work out?
Kelly tries to do the same thing three months later.
Perhaps he will prove to be a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his advisors still seek influence.
These unchanging factors make Kelly's mission very difficult.
Most wanted criminals get mail from Europol
Since the address is unknown, the help of the population is requested and hoped for.
Police across Europe are sending (virtual) postcards to dangerous criminals on the run this summer.
Since the addresses of the wanted felons are naturally not known, hints from the population are hoped and requested.
Europol reported on Friday about the action following the "EU Most Wanted" Advent calendar from winter.
Experience has shown that many refugees hide at holiday destinations, Europol said.
They had put together 21 postcards for wanted criminals from 21 EU countries.
Since 2016 the website www.eumostwanted exists, more than 2.5 million times it was viewed.
36 of the online wanted persons have been arrested so far, at least eleven of them based on clues after publication on the website.
Travellers negotiate a trench and return to the 'Millionaire' series
Some of the wealthiest homeowners in the West Midlands are once again at war with some determined travellers who have negotiated a community ditch to reclaim a field in front of their mansions.
The travellers parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull, called the "Millionaire Series".
They brought horses, babies and an army of transporters with them, after they were only thrown out in May, but without being deterred by a trench dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
The tactful group found a gap in the defences and pushed their vehicles through a section that remained unobstructed to find a way.
Angry residents have been harassing the Solihull council, which said it was "useless to deal with the problem".
An anonymous resident said: "They moved there on Monday night after being sent on by Bentley Heath, where they threw stones at passers-by.
The Council must be forced by shame into action, as it was useless in dealing with the problem.
The travellers were there in May, were moved on and are now back again.
More arrived last night, probably more today."
She added: "The Birmingham Council knows how to deal with this by holding long briefings to protect their parks.
I live on Streetsbrook Road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax if the council can't even stop it."
A resident who did not want to be named said: "It is ridiculous, we have just seen the last round of these travellers, only to be plundered by another round.
The numbers have increased this time and you even saw a horse in the park area."
A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: "We are aware of an unauthorised camp in the countryside beyond Streetsbrook Road and are working with Solihulls police. We are taking the necessary legal steps to ensure that they move on as quickly as possible.
To support our evidence collection, it is very important that as many residents as possible report anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
This helps to give a picture of the situation in which the court must consider when we present our case".
Birkenhof becomes Waldhotel Luise
The former Hotel Birkenhof becomes the Waldhotel Luise.
The house at the gates of Freudenstadt is currently being renovated and is scheduled to reopen on 1 March next year.
It's good news for the city.
The closure of the Hotel Birkenhof by the former Ambiente Betriebsgesellschaft mbH on 13 April 2014 meant that around 30,000 overnight stays per year were lost at the time, as well as income from visitor tax.
In autumn 2014, in view of the dramatically increasing number of refugees coming to the district, the hotel building was offered to the district office as collective accommodation, which caused controversial discussions.
The city prevented the accommodation of asylum seekers by drawing up a development plan to secure the area as a hotel location.
The decision was not uncontroversial in the local council at the time.
But above all Freudenstadt's Lord Mayor Julian Osswald defended the hotel location and spoke even then of serious interest in the house.
He should be right.
The Luisenhotels Group with Managing Director Birgit Scherer, based in Bad Bergzabern, acquired the former Hotel Birkenhof at a voluntary auction in Berlin and wants to turn it back into a three-star-plus hotel under the name Waldhotel Luise.
The group has four houses with the Freudenstadt property.
Two of them in Bad Bergzabern and one in Bad Herrenalb.
They are called Hotel Luise, Luisenpark, Parkhotel Luise and now Waldhotel Luise.
At the former Hotel Birkenhof, rubble containers have been standing in front of the entrance for a long time, and when you enter the house, it becomes clear what extensive renovation work is being done.
The floors were torn out, ceilings were partially removed, old bathtubs were removed from the rooms.
The entire hotel building is a single construction site.
There is still a lot to be done before March.
"It's actually a nice hotel," says Thomas Scherer in an interview with our newspaper.
Everything is to be renovated in the Black Forest style.
The rooms will be equipped with large walk-in showers, the entrance area will be redesigned, new windows will be installed.
Everything should later become "nice and close to the people", as Thomas Scherer puts it.
"Let's make a jewel out of it."
Swimming pool, wellness area and a conference room are part of the facilities.
They do not want to position themselves at the high level of the hotels in Lauterbad, but already at a high level in the city centre, emphasises Scherer.
The Waldhotel Luise with its 60 or so rooms wants to be broadly spread, Scherer explains further.
Individual holidaymakers, groups or business people should feel comfortable in the hotel.
According to Scherer, he has already had talks with Mayor Julian Osswald and Tourism Director Michael Krause.
The ideas of the city are congruent with those of the hotel group.
"We're on the same page."
Asked about the amount of investment, Thomas Scherer does not want to commit himself precisely.
Just under one million euros, he reckons.
The outside facilities are also being brought up to scratch, which is already clearly visible.
In an inner courtyard, a large terrace will be created, which will be accessible from the restaurant, which is open to the public.
Thomas Scherer is optimistic: "Freudenstadt is a good market".
Russia affair: US special investigator appoints grand jury
In the Russia affair surrounding US President Donald Trump, special investigator Robert Mueller is said to have appointed a so-called grand jury, according to a report.
The committee had started work in the past few weeks, wrote the "Wall Street Journal", citing persons familiar with the matter.
The newspaper interpreted the move as a sign that Mueller had expanded and intensified his investigations.
CNN reported that there have already been first summonses from the panel in connection with a meeting between Trump's eldest son and a Russian lawyer.
US secret services have long accused the Kremlin of having deliberately interfered in the 2016 presidential election campaign.
Mueller is investigating whether there was collusion between Trump's campaign team and Moscow.
The investigation is to focus on several men who acted as advisors to the Republican during the election campaign.
Mueller also reportedly took a closer look at Trump's private and business environment.
The "Washington Post" wrote a few weeks ago that special investigator Trump had personally taken centre stage and was investigating allegations that the president may have obstructed justice in the course of the affair.
The main task of grand juries is to examine available evidence in possible criminal cases and to decide whether charges should be brought.
Grand juries are therefore also called prosecution chambers.
They are usually called in when there are major and controversial cases.
The procedure always takes place behind closed doors.
The panel can also be called in by the public prosecutor's office to summon persons for questioning under oath.
According to CNN, subpoenas have already been issued in connection with the meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
Persons involved in the meeting had been asked to testify, the report said.
They should also provide documents.
In addition to Trump Jr., Trump's advisor and son-in-law Jared Kushner and his then campaign manager Paul Manafort were also present at the meeting.
Legal experts said on Thursday evening on US television that the appointment showed that Mueller was not intimidated in his work and that he would act quickly if necessary.
However, it does not necessarily mean that the grand jury will be called in at the end to decide whether to bring charges.
Nevertheless, the establishment of the panel was the beginning of a new phase in the investigations and a new source of concern for President Trump.
Amidst the new revelations, the president used a speech in West Virginia on Thursday evening to portray the Russia affair as a campaign by his political opponents.
"The Russia story is a total fabrication," Trump said.
The topic, he said, gives the Democrats a chance to "feel good because they have nothing else to talk about.
His special adviser Ty Cobb stated in a statement that he was not aware of the appointment of a grand jury.
However, he emphasized that this also usually works in secret.
The White House supports any measures that would speed up the work of the special investigator in a "fair" way.
The former head of the FBI, James Comey, said three times that the president was not under investigation.
There was no reason to assume that this had changed, the statement went on to say.
But Mueller wasn't appointed until after Trump Comey fired.
Because of this expulsion, accusations had been made against Trump that he had wanted to obstruct justice.
Comey testified before a Senate committee in June that Trump had asked him to drop the investigation against then national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The president is under a lot of pressure with the investigation.
According to US media, the White House collected material against the special investigator and his associates.
This sparked speculation about whether Trump was going to fire Mueller.
Unlike an independent special congressional investigator, such as in the Watergate affair surrounding the later resigned President Richard Nixon, Mueller has a position in which he could theoretically be fired by the Justice Department at the President's urging.
However, several senators from both parties want to prevent such a step.
Two groups of Republican and Democratic senators presented bills on Thursday under which the special investigator could no longer be dismissed so easily.
Antarctica: Gigantic iceberg drifts in the Antarctic
In West Antarctica, a gigantic iceberg almost seven times the size of Berlin has detached itself from the ice shelf.
This was announced by the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven on Wednesday.
The colossus, which weighs over a trillion tons and covers 5800 square kilometres, is now drifting north and will probably take two or three years to melt.
With a length of 175 kilometres and a width of up to 50 kilometres, it is one of the largest ice giants recorded by researchers in the past three decades.
He is not a danger to people.
The extent to which climate change has played a role in breaking up the iceberg is unclear, according to researchers.
Overall, however, there has been a series of unusual collapses of ice shelves in the region for around 30 years, writes the US Research Center for Snow and Ice (NSIDC) in a factual background.
According to many researchers, this could be related to global warming.
The now broken off colossus was previously part of the Larsen C Ice Shelf.
Ice shelves float on the sea and are fed by large glaciers.
It thus grows further and further into the sea and breaks off regularly.
The Larsen C Ice Shelf lies south of South America almost at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
North of this ice shelf the balance of growth and break-up was disturbed a few years ago.
A complete ice shelf has collapsed there, writes AWI researcher Daniela Jansen.
There is a good reason to believe that the Larsen C Ice Shelf is also in danger, as the leading edge has never retreated as far as it has now.
In addition, the ice plate is under tension and can disintegrate if a piece breaks off at a key point.
The melting of ice shelves and icebergs does not raise sea levels because they float on the water and ice displaces as much water as it produces after melting itself.
However, the loss of the ice shelf means that the glaciers flow directly into the sea and can drain much faster than before.
This could possibly raise the sea level, but only to a small extent, writes the British research project for observing the Antarctic (Midas).
According to AWI, the Larsen C Ice Shelf is the fourth largest ice shelf in Antarctica, covering almost 50,000 square kilometres.
At the transition from the mainland it is up to 700 meters thick, at the leading edge to the open ocean about 200 meters.
There it breaks off regularly.
"Although it is a natural occurrence and we are not aware of any direct link to climate change, the ice sheet is now coming into a more vulnerable position," said Martin O'Leary of Swansea University in the UK.
"This is the furthest retreat since records began," he also confirmed.
Scientists are divided on whether the Larsen C Ice Shelf will grow again or whether it will recede and possibly collapse in the long term, said his colleague Adrian Luckman, adding: "Our models say it will be less stable".
But this development will take decades.
Even if these researchers do not attribute the disintegration of this gigantic iceberg to climate change, a great many ice shelves on the Antarctic Peninsula have disintegrated in recent decades.
This long tip of the Antarctic extends towards South America.
According to data from the British Antarctic Survey, the ice surface of the Antarctic Peninsula has decreased by 28,000 square kilometres since the 1950s.
The rise in temperature had contributed to the decline.
The Antarctic Peninsula has warmed up by around three degrees in the past 50 years, making it one of the areas where the temperature is rising fastest.
CDU wants house tariff for personnel
Because it is becoming more and more difficult to fill vacant positions, the CDU is calling for resignation from the employers' association in order to become more attractive.
Only shortly before the summer break, the district council waved through 41 new jobs in the administration.
More than 1100 employees and civil servants work for the district administration in Mettmann.
Now another 17 trainees have completed their first day at work.
Apprenticeships with the district are apparently in great demand.
Around 620 applications were received for the places to be awarded this year.
Nevertheless, the group still lacks personnel to cope with the increased demands and tasks.
At present there are still 50 vacant positions in the Mettmann district.
Among others, doctors and engineers as well as general administrative staff are being sought.
The CDU would now like to take the initiative in the district council together with the FDP and the UWG to counteract the lack of skilled workers in the administration.
According to the parties, the administration should "develop a concept for personnel recruitment and personnel development".
The aim is not only to cover short-term demand for skilled workers, but also to counteract the shortage of applicants in a future-oriented manner, it is said.
CDU, FDP and UWG demand that the overall concept should be internally and externally oriented, show concrete measures for career changers and include a training offensive.
That sounds like a good approach.
Because the circle has to deal with personnel problems that were not known in the past.
Other cities recruit good officials and employees and offer more attractive conditions.
There is talk of a real "competition among public employers".
In addition, there is a high number of employees who leave the service due to illness or age.
It is therefore high time for action, so that no more positions remain unfilled.
But Klaus-Dieter Völker, head of the CDU parliamentary group, and his party are going beyond the joint motion.
He recently caused a big surprise in the district council when he publicly questioned the personnel cost ceiling and astounded the other parties.
Völker would like to see all possibilities for leaving the municipal employers' association reviewed.
"If we cannot find a satisfactory solution here in the short term, the district administration should work with the trade unions - perhaps also in cooperation with the towns and cities belonging to the district - to reach an in-house tariff," said Völker.
With this, the CDU is trying to pay employees and civil servants better than the collective bargaining regulations for the public sector actually provide.
The salaries are currently prescribed exactly, increases or more money are only available if you change to a higher level based on years of service.
However, the tasks of the district have grown more and more in recent years.
Only a few weeks ago, new rooms had to be set up in which employees take care of the provisions of the new Prostitute Protection Act.
Not least because of the increasing number of asylum seekers, District Administrator Thomas Hendele and District Director Martin Richter have a problem: they have too few personnel.
Italy tightens the tone on NGO migrant lifeboats
Italy has warned NGOs using lifeboats for migrants in the Mediterranean that they must not continue to do so unless they comply with new rules for their operations.
"If NGOs do not sign a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue to work," said Interior Minister Marco Minniti in an interview with the Turin daily La Stampa.
Minniti's warning came the day after the Italian authorities seized a boat belonging to the German aid organisation 'Jugend Rettet' because its crew had effectively worked with traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
The aid organisation, which has only been operating for a year, refused to comment on detailed allegations by the Italian public prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
"For us, saving human life is and remains our top priority. So we are very sorry that we cannot operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organization said in a statement to the social media.
"We can only evaluate all the allegations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
The Italian authorities had been monitoring the boat of 'Jugend Rettet', the Iuventa, since October.
It is believed that its crew takes on board inflatable migrants delivered directly to them by traffickers and that the smugglers can leave so that the boats can be used again.
At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the content of which was published by Italian media.
The crew is suspected of disregarding the authority of the Italian Coast Guard, which monitors rescue operations in the zone for humanitarian reasons and not for any other motives.
Under the Code of Conduct, boats like the Iuventa must have an Italian police officer on board to monitor their activities.
Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to comply with the Code: Save the Children, MOAS from Malta and Pro-Activa Open Arms from Spain
The latter said on Thursday that the new rules were considered unnecessary, but acceptable, as they would not "significantly alter or impede" their rescue operations.
Among those who refuse to sign is the Nobel Laureate organisation Doctors without Borders (MSF).
Meanwhile, Minniti said that the number of migrants arriving in Italy following the rescue operations had fallen sharply in recent weeks, indicating that efforts to strengthen the Libyan coast guard and cooperation with local mayors had borne fruit.
"In the last few days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," said the minister.
He announced plans for further talks with Libyan mayors this month on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving these countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
Climbs and Trials
Nine Weilermer bikers, the "Berlin Outpost" and two guest riders met in Wachenheim in the Northern Palatinate to enjoy four days of trials and sightseeing.
For this purpose, three friendly guides were available.
The accommodation in the Wachenheim valley proved to be a good starting point for the tours.
The castle and wine festival of Wachenheim was a welcome extra.
The first tour led along the vineyards in hot summer temperatures to the Michaelskapelle above Deidesheim.
This was followed by lookout points, some on towers, from which one could look far over the Palatinate Forest and the plains in front of it.
In between there were always longer climbs, for which long trials were rewarded.
On the second day we went to Bad Dürkheim to the saltworks and the sausage market fair.
Again, viewpoint after viewpoint was lined up, connected by "flowing" trials and moderate climbs.
On the last two days there were again many meters of altitude difference.
Caves, rocks, towers, castles, ruins and retreat huts brought welcome breaks.
In Bad Dürkheim the bikers inhaled healing brine in the open-air inhalatorium.
Neustadt was also targeted.
After 173 kilometres and almost 4500 metres of altitude difference, the group had got to know the Palatinate Forest from its best side - sportive and cultural.
Console instead of turf - Bundesliga gears up for e-sports
Will the sports stars sit in front of computer consoles in the future instead of battling the stadium turf in wind and weather, all sweaty?
The fact is that e-sports have long since become a serious industry, a lucrative business - including big stars, millions of fans and huge tournaments with high fees.
The first Bundesliga clubs, which are becoming increasingly involved in this area, have also recognised this.
VfL Wolfsburg made a start in 2015, followed by FC Schalke 04 and finally VfB Stuttgart, who founded an e-sports department in mid-July and signed two professionals for the computer game FIFA 17.
"We hope that this will inspire completely new young target groups for VfB," says board member Jochen Röttgermann.
He is sure "that a number of other clubs will get on this train".
Next weekend, the world football association FIFA is organising the first "Interactive Club World Cup" in London, in which gamers from different clubs will compete against each other.
In addition to Schalke and Wolfsburg, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and PSV Eindhoven have qualified.
Robin Dutt also sees great potential in e-sports.
The former coach of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen now advises an agency for virtual soccer players.
"Real football has to deal with the 14 to 30-year-olds in particular, so that young people will still go to the stadium in the future," says the 52-year-old.
And: The clubs tried to conquer all possible markets, especially the Asian ones.
With prominent e-sportsmen and women under contract, one could be present online in these markets far more often than just sending the Bundesliga team to Asia once a year.
What is it about exactly?
In e-sports, computer games such as "League Of Legends", "Dota 2", "Counterstrike" or the football simulation FIFA are fought out at competition level.
As in normal sport, leagues have long since been established in which the professionals compete against each other.
And at the 2022 Asian Games, e-sports are already part of the official programme.
But is it a real sport at all?
For many people, the idea is probably something that takes getting used to.
Ingo Froböse has also dealt with the question for a long time.
For the professor at the German Sport University in Cologne, e-sports is a sport because it is competitive and shows many biological and physical reactions that are also found in classical sport - for example increased heart rates, stress reactions, hormonal changes.
In addition, cognitive skills, technical and tactical understanding and the ability to react quickly are required.
Professional gamers should not only train at the console, but also train their body and pay attention to their diet.
"The fit player is a good player."
But Froböse also sees problems: "Doping is becoming more and more an issue".
Controls are difficult to implement in online games, and the scene lacks the structures of classic sport.
The scientist positively emphasizes the high integrative effect of e-sports.
The players travel internationally, it's like one big global family, there are no intercultural barriers.
A study by management consultants Deloitte and the German Association of Interactive Entertainment Software (BIU) predicts rapid growth for e-sports.
In 2016, 50 million euros will have been generated in Germany, mainly through advertising, sponsoring and major tournaments.
In three years the turnover is expected to reach 130 million.
This is not much against the almost 2.4 billion euros of the German Football League.
However, e-sports are "not far away from other established sports such as handball, basketball or ice hockey," write the Deloitte consultants.
Internationally, many countries are already further ahead.
Large markets are Asia and the USA, where ex-basketball player Shaquille O`Neal and baseball star Alex Rodriguez participate in the US Team NRG eSports.
Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher invests in the eSports betting provider Unikrn.
A lot is happening in Europe too.
In a Norwegian school, e-sports has been introduced as a subject, says Froböse.
In the Netherlands and France, according to Dutt, first league football clubs are now obliged to set up an e-sports department.
"Germany is lagging behind in European comparison," explains VfB Board member Röttgermann.
Just lapsing into nostalgia and transfiguring the old times is no longer enough today.
The aim is to preserve the tradition of the association, but at the same time to align the company to the modern market.
"We live in a digitalized world," says Dutt as well.
"You can't stick to the idea that only in football everything stays the same."
Farewell to poisoned eggs - The egg alternatives for cooking and baking
Almost all federal states are now affected by the scandal about poisonous eggs.
Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord have reacted and removed all eggs from sale throughout Germany.
Only eggs that have been shown to be free of fipronil should be placed on the shelves.
Michelle Carter convicted of lyrics urging Conrad Roy to commit suicide
A woman from Massachusetts was sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
Michelle Carter, now 20, will spend 15 months of her sentence behind bars and five years were suspended on probation.
Carter was convicted in June of negligently killing Conrad Roy, who took his own life on July 13, 2014.
Roy's father said at the hearing on Thursday: "My family is inconsolable.
My son was my best friend."
Carter was allowed to remain free until his appeal.
She was facing a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal representatives argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
Dressed in red pants and a cream-colored blouse, Carter stood there with tears in her eyes, her hands folded and her eyes pointed down when she was sentenced.
"Your actions got Conrad Roy killed," the prosecutor told the court.
"She ended his life to make her own better.
She has not taken responsibility," she said.
"She showed no remorse".
But Carter's lawyer said it was a "terrible circumstance that she totally regrets".
However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he had not found that their "age or maturity or even mental illness has a significant influence on their actions.
A prosecutor read a statement from Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying that "there is not a day that I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
I want him to be proud of me and how I deal with everything. I try to be there for his sisters despite all my pain, which we will carry with us for eternity," it says.
Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realization that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
"Not having that one person with whom I have been with every day since I was born is a pain I will always carry with me for the rest of my life," she said.
The case seems to set a legal precedent, since there is no law in Massachusetts that makes it a crime to ask someone else to commit suicide.
Carter was 17 years old when Roy was found dead from carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
The case attracted national attention after Carter's text messages revealed that she had encouraged him to end his life.
"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself, I don't know, there are many ways," she said in several messages she had sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on vacation with his family.
In the moments before his suicide she wrote: "You have to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn on the generator and you'll be free and happy."
Judge Moniz said Carter was seeking attention with the death of Roy and ordered that she should benefit from the case through some press.
The case has divided the legal opinion.
Among the few who defended Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of the murder of her British roommate in Italy in 2007, before she was acquitted two years ago.
Mrs. Knox, 30 years old, published a comment in the Los Angeles Times: "Michelle Carter deserves compassion and help, not jail."
Joshua Kimmich: Learning from the new Mini-Lame of FC Bayern
It is no coincidence that Joshua Kimmich was captain of the Audi Cup.
FC Bayern believes the Confed Cup winner will have a great season - extra motivation won't hurt.
Something was different in his place in the cabin, Joshua Kimmich saw that immediately, even if the extra garment was very, very small.
But as there was of course no Philipp Lahm and no Manuel Neuer to be seen far and wide on the second day of the Audi Cup, he grabbed the bandage he had been given and put it on his arm.
"The coach didn't announce it," the Confed Cup winner said afterwards, after his first appearance as Bayern captain.
Well, the first game could have been better than the 0-2 win against SSC Naples.
But Kimmich could interpret the sign from the coach in the same way.
It wasn't the eight-year-old Arturo Vidal who was chosen as captain of the C-team, consisting of youth players, debutants and professionals who had just returned from vacation, but him.
One prefers to give candy to those whom one trusts a lot and whom one wants to keep happy.
So if you have been chosen to take up the legacy of Lahm, you need a little extra motivation.
Kimmich confirmed: "This is what you want as a player: to take responsibility".
On Wednesday, the 22-year-old raced across the field as a mini lame.
Back right, that is his position now, the white bandage on his arm did the rest.
And in general Kimmich seemed to be the one who can take the rudder best in this starting formation.
He gave instructions, tried to guide the untrained troops.
He had an eye for the whole while many others were busy with themselves.
Vidal tried to make up for his lack of fitness (barely worked); Renato Sanches tried to build on the performance of the Asian trip (only partially worked); and Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Süle tried not to attract attention in their first appearance in the Bayern jersey.
At least that worked out pretty well.
Süle ran up next to Kimmich, Rudy in front of the defense, both acted confidently.
The notable Napoli storm was often difficult, and Süle also tried his hand at building the game a few times successfully.
His colleague Rudy admitted that the result "was not what we had hoped for".
But he also showed a decent performance at his debut.
Shifting the game, changing the tempo: "I was called in for this style".
After the game, the newcomers could see how unusual this Bayern-Welt still is for the newcomers.
Rudy, for example, did not give one or two interviews in the catacombs, but certainly six or seven.
Kimmich said goodbye after a few crisp statements in the back of his new teammates.
There he heard an interesting sentence from Süle: "I have already noticed what is going on here.
With Bayern you simply have to win every game".
At least he doesn't have to teach that to the newbies anymore.
Alaba motivates ÖFB ladies
David Alaba believes in the success of our ÖFB ladies
Austria's most famous footballer contacted us on Twitter shortly before the match and wished the ÖFB ladies all the best.
The Bavarian legionnaire is a club colleague of ÖFB captain Schnaderbeck and is feverishly feverish with our ladies.
The tweet of the Austrian footballer of the year and Champions League winner should be a special motivational injection.
Our ladies could perhaps also use the famous Bayern-Dusel.
Companies satisfied with Rhineland-Palatinate minister: Business praises Wissing's speed
The relationship between the state and the regional economy was often irreconcilable when Eveline Lemke (Greens) was still Minister of Economics of Rhineland-Palatinate.
This becomes apparent after more than a year in which the new Minister of Economics, Volker Wissing (FDP), has been in office.
Chambers and companies from the region speak of a change in economic policy in response to a T V inquiry - and at the same time blame the old minister.
Frank Natus, chairman of the Trier Business Association (VTU), says: "Wissing takes up the wishes of the business community, which Lemke has blocked all of them".
Natus sees the biggest turnaround in the country's infrastructure policy: the closing of the gap in the Autobahn 1 between Kelberg and Adenau is now at the top of the country's list of priorities.
The ministry is hoping for a planning approval procedure before the end of this year, and the building permit should be in place by 2021.
The Trier western bypass also plays a role in the state's plans, as it is a priority requirement of the Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan.
The goal is to put the line into operation in December 2020, says Ministry spokeswoman Cornelia Holtmann.
Natus sees this as a signpost to support regional but internationally competing companies.
The Chamber of Industry and Commerce (IHK) in Trier is striving, as suggested by Wissing, for a Rhineland-Palatinate label for wine in order to increase sales in supermarkets and stop the trend of German wine exports, which have been falling for ten years.
In addition, Wissing has an open ear for people who want to set up their own company, praises the IHK.
The Trier Chamber of Trade sees the new master craftsman bonus as an additional incentive for young trainees, says Managing Director Matthias Schwalbach.
A bonus of 1000 euros for passing the master craftsman's examination and 2500 euros if graduates become self-employed within ten years of master craftsman training is planned.
But the homework list for the country remains long.
With the planned road construction, facts can be created quickly, and at the same time the state lacks the necessary personnel, says Jan Glockauer, general manager of the Trier Chamber of Commerce and Industry.
Of 56 new engineers that Wissing wants to hire at Landesbetrieb Mobilität, only 29 positions have been filled so far.
The IHK demands that more contracts be awarded to external offices.
Christian Baldauf, deputy CDU faction leader, refers to calculations by the Court of Auditors that the state will invest more than 20 million euros less in the maintenance of national roads in 2017 and 2018 than proposed.
Frank Natus also expects the country to come up with a concept of how it intends to remedy the shortage of skilled workers in the region.
The current broadband expansion in the country is also sobering.
In 2016, regional companies had only given the network supply a grade of 3.4 in a survey conducted by the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
They complained about slow Internet connections and dropouts.
Former Minister of Economic Affairs Eveline Lemke, on the other hand, is currently out of politics and is still on the supervisory board of the wind power company Pro Wind.
The Green parliamentary group left Lemke in April to become president of a private university in Karlsruhe - where she left after four months due to disagreements.
Audi is to change 850,000 diesel vehicles - car manufacturers are confronted with a counter-reaction
One day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to update the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
The BMW chairman said the company believed that "there are smarter options than driving restrictions", referring to European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - to ban or restrict diesel vehicles.
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it will modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce its diesel emissions.
None of the companies described the undertakings as a recall.
European car manufacturers have strongly promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet carbon dioxide emission regulations.
But the nitrogen oxides emitted by diesel engines are considered carcinogens and can cause asthma.
The cost to car manufacturers of installing equipment to neutralise the exhaust gases emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of cars competitive.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is also accused of coddling the powerful car companies and ignoring signs of the problem.
The companies are trying to avoid the mistakes of Volkswagen, which could regulate the use of so-called cut-off devices, the emissions to comply with the regulations when a car has been tested, but drive back under normal driving conditions.
In the United States, several Volkswagen employees have been charged, others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
Last month, the former head of thermodynamics in Audi's engine development department in Germany was arrested.
The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian and is therefore not protected from extradition and could be tried in the United States.
Earlier this year, Audi was involved in German criminal investigations at Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to circumvent emission regulations in Europe, and an inquiry that focused on the United States was expanded.
The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could place a heavy burden on Volkswagen: the luxury car manufacturer contributes disproportionately to Volkswagen's profits.
This is the message the raft on Saturday on the Isar
The city wants to protect the Isar.
To make sure that visitors to the Isar also take part, a raft will be sailing through Munich tomorrow, Saturday, with a special message.
If you want to go to the Isar again on Saturday, you will see a big raft between Flaucher and Reichenbachbrücke.
And this is no ordinary raft, with Isar tourists.
But the building department wants to clear up.
On the raft you can see a big information banner.
It shows a mountain of garbage.
The start of a publicity campaign to appeal to visitors to the Isar.
With the motto "True love is ..." the understanding of the Isar as a wild river worthy of protection should be sharpened.
Already last summer the raft crossed the Isar river and also this year there are further actions and measures to achieve a considerate and environmentally conscious behaviour.
Mordillo's bulbous noses and laughter against suffering
Mordillo was at times one of the most published cartoonists, the bulbous noses of his characters are his trademark.
Even at 85, the Argentinean is still drawing and working on a film.
His message: Laugh, "because there is too much suffering in the world".
Guillermo Mordillo was born in Buenos Aires on August 4, 1932, the son of Spanish immigrants.
In his first years as an artist, he made his living as a draftsman for greeting cards - which frustrated him.
"The happiest day in my professional life was the day I lost in my job," he once said.
After stations in Lima, New York and Paris, he made his breakthrough at the end of the 1960s with the publication of his cartoons in "Paris Match" and then in "Stern" and other leading magazines around the world.
Even in China Mordillo found many fans.
Again and again the artist was inspired by cities.
Large, rounded Mordillo figures are found in drawings with the Leaning Tower of Pisa, Big Ben in London and Red Square in Moscow.
In the early morning, he says he still sits at the drawing table today, working almost ten hours a day.
Through calendars, puzzles, books for young and old, T-shirts, stuffed animals and clocks, his quaint figures continue to be widely distributed worldwide.
For six years he has also been working on an animated film and a TV series with his characters.
The main character in the film "Crazy Island" is a giraffe - Mordillo's most popular animal in his drawings - which has a millipede as its antagonist.
For the first time, his characters speak in the 3D film, which is to be released on the cinema screen in 2019.
"I don't know exactly what they're going to say, it's strange for me", says Mordillo.
The script is not written by him.
That's why he prefers the TV series, which, like his original drawings, is produced wordlessly.
Lavender from Provence threatened by climate change
It has become a symbol of Provence in the south of France, but there is a warning that it is threatened by climate change.
Lavender is declining because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, which is causing great headaches for scientists and farmers trying to find solutions.
Eric Chaisse, an expert from the agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM in Provence, said: "The lavender in Provence is effectively under threat because the plant has been exposed to the effects of climate change in recent years, which has brought much less rain in spring and much more in autumn.
This has an effect on the life span of lavender.
There is also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria that transmits dwarf cicadas, and in very dry weather there are a lot of them."
And there's a lot at stake.
Lavender oil not only attracts holidaymakers, it is also in great demand for perfume and cosmetics.
Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a large number of flowers, we have smaller, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
So we have fewer parts with essential oil."
Solutions under consideration include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mixture of clay and water and developing varieties that are more resistant to drought.
The small town of Geisa in the Thuringian Rhön celebrates its 1200th anniversary this year.
The highlight of the festival is this Saturday and Sunday with a medieval festival.
Merchants, guilds, traders, vagrants or a lansquenet camp are to be experienced in the city centre on these days.
The murder of a journalist underlines the growing threat in Mexico
The staff of the weekly Riodoce usually meet on Wednesdays to review their plans for reporting on the recent chaos in Sinaloa state caused by organized crime, corrupt officials and incessant drug wars.
But on that day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they came together to talk about security.
They were told that it is important to change their routines.
Two high-ranking journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children to the office who were the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: Enemies, neutrals, allies.
You ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
There are drug smugglers, politicians, businessmen, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalogue of criminals who make the chaos of Mexico dangerous.
There is no respite from the violence, and while bodies are piling up all over the country, more and more journalists are joining in: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012. 589 are under federal protection following attacks and threats and so far this year there have been at least seven deaths in seven states.
Among the latter is its editor and inspirer of Riodoce, co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
"The biggest mistake is to live in Mexico and be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on drug-related violence.
His absence is deeply felt, although his presence is everywhere - a large photograph of Valdez, showing his middle finger with the word "Justice", hangs on the façade of the Riodoce building. Two reporters in their thirties, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts showing his smiling face with glasses or his typical Panama hat.
The workshop takes place less than two months after his death, and the reporters discuss their shared themes, trauma, nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
Although a special Federal Prosecutor's Office was established in 2010 to deal with the cases of journalists, it has only initiated two criminal proceedings, according to the Committee for the Protection of Journalists.
As with most of the thousands of murders associated with drug trafficking and organized crime each year, journalists' murderers are rarely brought to justice.
At Riodoce, they still insist on dealing with the violence of Sinaloa, although they are inconsolable and although the terrain is now even more treacherous.
Without information about the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security has little use, says Ibarra.
"It's very silly to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
"Until we know the why, we distrust everyone."
On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the office of the newspaper Riodoce in the state capital of Culiacan.
He only managed to drive a few blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men. He was forced out of his car and was shot at 12 times, probably because of the name of the newspaper - which is translated as "Twelfth River".
The shooter drove away in his car and damaged it nearby.
Valdez was 50 years old.
He left behind a wife and two grown children.
Rumors tend to fly free in Culiacan.
But on the subject of Valdez there is practically nothing but silence.
Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has become one of the bloodiest battlegrounds in the country as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
It does not matter that in Sinaloa every day one or more people are shot in the street or that the cemetery is full of decorated two-storey mausoleums for drug kings, which are bigger than many houses for the living.
Forget for a minute that there is a state of "calm" when only one cartel has control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug trade routes to the United States.
Despite this, and despite the fact that Valdez was aware of the dangers of his work, Ismail Bojorquez (60), a co-founder and director of Riodoce, was shattered by the guilt of not being able to protect his friend.
He believes that two misunderstandings contributed to the murder.
First, in February there was the publication of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions in the war with Guzman's sons.
This publication may have angered the sons, suspected gang members bought up every copy of the issue as soon as it was delivered to newsstands.
The second mistake was not to force Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the confiscation of another newspaper that had published the same story.
Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is considered a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
He had survived so long that his friends and colleagues assumed he would always be there.
He was an experienced reporter for Noroeste in 2003, when he joined forces with five colleagues to form Riodoce and sold $50 investments.
In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without encountering the narcotics problem," Bojorquez said.
Over time, the newspaper earned a reputation for courageous and honest reporting, and sales and advertising increased.
Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication in which they could read stories that no one else dared to cover.
Eight years after Riodoce was founded, she received the prestigious "Maria Moors Cabot Prize" for her reporting in Latin America.
In the same year, Valdez won the Committee for the Protection of Journalists' International Press Freedom Award for his courage in pursuing Mexican drug history wherever it led.
He freely admitted that he was afraid.
"I want to live on," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
"You have to take on the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
I don't want to be asked: "What did you do in the face of so many dead ... why didn't you say what was going on?"
The Riodoce team misses Valdez, the joker who could curse like a dock worker, the friend who was generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
They trusted his routine.
He would always wear his hat.
He would always go to El Guayabo, the bar opposite the office, and always sit at the same table.
Now you ask: Was his love of routine his undoing?
His death has also forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
"They don't like it when you deal with their wives, their children, their clean businesses, their secret runways" to move drugs.
"These things were not allowed," said Bojorquez.
The result, even in the best of times, is a high degree of self-censorship and self-preservation.
Trust your own instincts.
If it smells wrong, stay away from it.
The trouble is, said the editor of Riodoce Andres Villarreal, that "smell is a sense that can be deceived ... and then this thing with Javier happened."
The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - nor in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
The landscape is constantly changing.
In the room where Riodoce employees met for safety training, mobile phones were suddenly not allowed. Days earlier, it became known that spyware sold exclusively to governments was used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
Outside, two policemen sought shelter from the heat of 104 degrees (40° C) in the shade of a tree.
They were commissioned by the state government to protect the offices of Riodoce in a four-storey building in a middle-class district of Culiacan.
Half jokingly, some of the reporters wondered if these officers were among the 50 percent of police officers that the governor himself described as untrustworthy.
It's been months since the reporters went into the mountainous landscape where the drug gangs are de facto under control.
For this week's issue Riodoce has looked at three main stories.
There was the murder in Sinaloa of the brother of former famous boxer Julio Cesar Chavez.
They also had an exposé on state spending, which focused on the governor's home town.
And there was a group that carried out a kidnapping in one of the most expensive restaurants in Culiacan, a block from the prosecutor's office.
There was no official word about who was kidnapped or how it happened, so caution was called for when it was time to write what everyone in town knows: that the restaurant is a favorite spot of drug dealers and authorities.
A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party (PRI), which dominated all political levels for almost the entire century.
Recently, several PRI governors were accused of high-profile cases of corruption.
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about previous incidents in this locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
Just a few months earlier, readers would have considered Valdez's column the best informed source about the kidnapping.
"In the old days we would have known what was happening," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" because of his slim build.
"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
Valdez's office has been converted into a storage space for signs and stickers protesting against the murders of journalists, because the staff have become something they never expected themselves to be: activists on behalf of the press.
Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few signs and went to the prosecutor's office the next morning for a demonstration about another journalist.
Salvador Adame disappeared three days after Valdez was killed in the western state of Michoacan.
A burned body was discovered and officials say, based on DNA testing, that it is his.
Throughout the country, journalists have become louder by writing "SOS Press" on pavements and buildings in organized protests.
On that day, director Bojorquez is away in Washington trying to gather international support for the justice in the Valdez case.
At a meeting with the Governor of Sinaloa the day after the assassination of Valdez, Ramirez accused the authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
She has since asked to be reassigned by the government because she is concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico were "surrounded" by organized crime, government officials involved in it and an indifferent society.
In his last book "Narco-Journalism" he wrote that reporters are not only killed by drug gangs, but also on the orders of politicians and security forces who were in cahoots with organized crime.
The media watchdog group "Articulo 19" attributed more than half of the attacks on journalists last year to police and officials.
"In Mexico you die because they want you to keep your mouth shut," said Ramirez.
Obviously the murders have a deterrent effect.
No one forgets the death of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas six years ago.
Her body was found along with a note supposedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am for my reports."
A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
Some branches have chosen to close, such as the newspaper El Norte in the northern border state of Chihuahua after the murder of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
Others continue, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did after the murder of its director in 2004.
In 2010, the Diario de Ciudad Juarez publicly addressed the drug cartels with an editorial on the front page entitled "What do you want from us?"
Some journalists have fled from their home countries or even from the country.
It's a painful decision.
It is difficult to find work in exile, and they still watch the streets and look for dangers.
And sometimes they are hunted, as apparently the photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 together with four women in an apartment in Mexico City three months after fleeing from Veracruz.
For those who stay behind and continue the work, it is a daily dance with risky decisions.
Ibarra, who once wanted to be a poet, admits that the drug trade frightens him.
"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
At midnight last Friday, when the last issue was already finished, the editors of Riodoce were sitting on the sidewalk in front of the office, drinking beer, when suddenly all their phones started buzzing.
A series of shootings with gang rivals and security forces near the seaside resort of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
The war continued to escalate, as promised by a number of cartel embassies in the region.
From the curb, they published the news on the Riodoce website via mobile phone.
The front page had to be changed the next day.
Sirens wailing nearby - another shooting in the area.
Bojorquez took a look at the police officers who were standing guard to see if they were on standby.
If they were afraid at all, they did not show it.
Under the huge portrait of the fallen founder of the newspaper, whose middle finger was visible to the whole of Sinaloa, the staff of Riodoce followed his footsteps.
"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when on the same day that Javier was murdered, the intern asked me to send her out on the street to report."
Dinosaur used camouflage to evade his enemies
At first sight it looks like a statue, albeit a frightening one.
Now researchers have found out that the first findings of the incredible rhinoceros of a Canadian miner were so well preserved that experts have described it as the "Mona Lisa of dinosaurs".
It was so well preserved that they could even tell that its scaly skin was of a reddish brown - and they said it had something of a "troubled past".
The report in the magazine "Current Biology" described him as "the best preserved armored dinosaur ever found and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.
The fossil is a newly discovered species of nodosaur, which lived in the middle of the Cretaceous period between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
Its incredibly well-preserved condition has astounded researchers who describe it as "truly remarkable
According to reports in National Geographic, the armored herbivore is the best preserved fossil of its kind.
It was found by Shawn Funk while digging at the Suncor Millennium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
He came across something that seemed out of place from the surrounding rock and decided to take a closer look.
The fossil he discovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
They spent the next six years uncovering the wild animal within the 2,500 pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
After all this hard work, the final result is now ready to be unveiled.
"If you blink your eyes just a little, you could almost believe it was asleep," said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum, where the creature is on display.
"It will go down in the history of science as one of the most beautiful and best preserved specimens of dinosaurs - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs."
Researchers have discovered that this herbivore, although covered in armour and resembling a walking carapace, was probably threatened by carnivorous dinosaurs.
The heavily armored dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators and used a shielding technique known as counter-shadowing, which is also used by many modern animals.
This would have allowed it to blend better into its environment and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting that it was threatened by larger dinosaurs.
The 110 million year old creature from the nodosaur family made the headlines for the first time in May and is now on display at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
Researchers have now studied the wild animal and named it Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team that has spent more than 7,000 hours carefully uncovering it.
The amazing preservation of the specimen enabled Dr. Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armor over his body.
They discovered countershading, a common method of defense in the animal kingdom, which means that the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
Although countershading is common, the results are surprising, as the size of Borealo pelta far exceeds that of the animals living today.
It suggests that the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure from carnivorous dinosaurs that evolution favored the concealment of confrontation as a means of survival.
But most contemporary animals that use countershading - think of deer, zebras or armadillos - are much smaller and more vulnerable than prey, indicating that this nodosaur has faced a real fight for survival.
"Strong predator behavior on a massive, heavily armored dinosaur shows how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous period must have been," Brown said.
The chemical analysis of organic compounds in their scales also shows that the dinosaur's skin was reddish brown.
Scientists continue to examine the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved intestinal contents, to find out what it ate as its last meal.
They believe that when the dinosaur died, it got into a river and was driven out into the sea, where it sank on its back to the bottom of the sea.
At that time, Alberta was as warm as South Florida is today, and rivers and oceans were probably much further inland than they are today.
"This nodosaur is truly remarkable because it is completely covered with preserved scaly skin, but it is also preserved in three dimensions and retains the original shape of the animal," Brown said.
"The result is that the animal today looks almost exactly the same as in the early Cretaceous period.
You don't have to use much imagination to reconstruct it. If you squint your eyes just a little, you could almost believe he's asleep."
The Cretaceous period was a time when giant theropods, carnivorous dinosaurs that stood on two legs, pervaded the earth.
Although the king of them, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armored dinosaur was hunted by some of its fearsome ancestors.
These include the Acrocanthosaurus, a 38-foot (11.5 m) long, six-ton monster.
The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe that Borealopelta sank into the sea after death and was mummified in mud.
The creature was found by Shawn Funk while digging at the Suncor Millennium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
According to the museum it is the best preserved armored dinosaur in the world, including skin and armor, and is complete from snout to hip.
The creatures were on average about 18 feet (5 meters) long and weighed up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
It contained two 20-inch spikes that protruded from his shoulders.
The researchers believe that the armored herbivore was washed through western Canada until a flooded river flooded it into the open sea.
But the dinosaur's underwater burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
The petrified remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that the skin remains still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur
As Michael Greshko has written for National Geographic, such a level of preservation is as 'rare as winning the lottery.
The more I look at it, the more confusing it gets.
Petrified remains of the skin still cover the bumpy armour plates that support the skull of the animal.
His right forefoot lies at his side, his five fingers are spread upwards.
I can count the scales on his sole'.
In a thunderstorm: multiple pile-up on A8: many injured
Violent accident on Thursday evening on the A8: Almost 30 vehicles are involved in a pile-up.
There are numerous injured, miles of traffic jams - and gawpers.
About 20 people were injured in a pile-up on the Stuttgart-Munich (A8) motorway late Thursday afternoon.
According to initial information from the police, around 5 p.m. between the junctions Adelzhausen and Odelzhausen (district of Aichach-Friedberg), almost 30 vehicles, probably including trucks, were smashed into each other during a thunderstorm.
Initially no information was available on the exact number of injured.
The injuries are light to moderate in severity, a police spokesman said.
A large contingent of rescue vehicles was at the scene of the accident.
The A8 motorway was completely closed in the direction of Munich.
In the direction of Munich, a backwater of around ten kilometres formed.
According to an AZ reporter, massive obstructions also occurred on the oncoming lane - due to numerous gaffers.
The fire brigade noted down the license plates of the drivers, who now face severe penalties.
Shortly after 6:45 pm, a second accident occurred on the A8, this time between Augsburg and Dasing.
A collision had occurred between a car transporter and a car.
A rescue helicopter was on its way to the scene of the accident.
Deutsche Bahn: Group tests "Comfort Check-in
It is a moment that almost everyone has experienced at some point: Unsuspectingly you sit on the train and sleep.
Or you are absorbed in your work and have just had a brilliant thought.
And then, poof.
If the conductor comes and wakes you up rudely or pulls the passenger out of the workflow in the middle of the ride.
Ticket inspection.
But the times of interruptions are soon over.
Deutsche Bahn is currently testing the conductorless ticket control.
One simply confirms by mobile phone that one has taken one's seat and thus validates the ticket.
Test operations are currently underway on two lines.
"If the offer comes in, let's expand it.
It will then probably be available at the beginning of next year on many other long-distance routes in Germany," said a railway spokesman.
"Comfort check-in" is what the railway calls ticket validation without a conductor.
However, in order to be able to use them, some conditions must be met: You need a smartphone or a tablet.
And you must have booked an online ticket - which most passengers do anyway.
You also have to have bought it via the app of the railway, the DB Navigator, which is the most convenient way to book tickets anyway.
And last but not least you need a seat reservation.
Because the "Comfort Check-in" works like this: You get on the train, call up your ticket under "My Tickets".
A button for electronic cancellation will then appear on the test customers.
The train attendants receive a message on their mobile devices that passenger X is on the train and has taken the booked seat Y.
If the train attendant arrives at seat Y during ticket inspection, he knows that a passenger with a validated online ticket is sitting there.
So you can go back to sleep, keep working, keep quiet.
The "check-in" has two advantages: one for the customer, one for the train - which in turn should benefit the passengers.
"Anyone who wants to travel in a relaxed manner without having to check in their tickets with our train attendants simply checks in themselves in the DB Navigator.
This allows passengers to personalise their travel time on the train," says Michael Peterson, DB Fernverkehr's Marketing Director.
The second plus: "And our employees have more time than today to respond to individual customer needs".
Anyone who often travels by train knows that, apart from delays and missed trains, ticket checks are one of the biggest annoyances.
Often one oneself, but in any case one of the fellow travellers, does not have all the documents needed for the validation of online-tickets.
Either the credit card or the identity card or any other document that has to be shown is missing.
The result is endless discussions between the train attendant and the passenger, which leads to a bad atmosphere in the compartment or large room and delays in checking one's own ticket, and in the end takes away the time for the conductor to take care of other concerns.
Only a small number of test customers can still use the new service.
And this only on the ICE 915 Dortmund-Stuttgart and ICE 912 Stuttgart-Essen connections.
Further train numbers on the same route are not yet activated.
How an activist came to learn the answer to the question, "Whose Streets?"
On 9 August 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to its core.
Just one day after arriving in New York City, the St. Louis-born woman sat on the bed of an Airbnb apartment she rented and scrolled through Facebook on her phone.
She stumbled across a mail from someone in high school.
"Police have just killed an 18-year-old child and he is still lying in the street," they said.
Confused because nobody else had posted the information on her feed, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
A user with the handle @TheePharoah was constantly retweeted on their timeline.
The St. Louis area rapper was about to tweet live the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old who was killed by a white cop in Ferguson, Mo.
He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out on the street, which would stay there for four hours.
"This is wild," Ferrell thought to himself.
But death was nothing new for her and her community.
She dropped her cell phone to return later that evening to tweets about people on the Canfield Drive.
There were photos of the police tape and people screaming, and of a man claiming to be Brown's father carrying a sign saying, "Ferguson's police just killed my unarmed son!
She watched a live feed where a policeman stood in front of a group of demonstrators with a barking dog.
In another video, she said, another policeman cocked his rifle and shouted, "I'm going to kill you. Animals kill all."
"It's not usual," Ferrell recalled her testimony.
"This is not the kind of murder we're used to and can call typical."
At that moment I felt chills.
I was angry and I cried."
She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
After landing at 11pm, she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her father's house and decided that the two would go to Ferguson the next morning.
What happened to Ferrell and Ferguson over the next three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?", which will be shown in cinemas from the 11th century onwards.
It is a story of survival and protest, of love and loss, of strength and resilience, which is a story of the people who live in the community and have filled the streets demanding answers.
As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a flower dress and a matching crown, the two discussed a conversation they had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and the black condition.
"You remember how I taught you when black people need to fight for what they believe in?" she remembered what she said.
"We're going to Ferguson now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it was not right.
I couldn't take her with me," Ferrell said later.
"What happened today is a culmination of what happened in the past.
She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
It has to be well developed, not only activism and organization, but also knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black constitution and what we have to do to become free, to free ourselves.
Even though I am fortunate to give her an experience where she personally does not experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
I feel I'd be doing her a disservice to keep her away."
The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a place across the street from the police department, which became a camp area as the activists waited for Officer Darren Wilson's possible non-indictment.
There, Ferrell and her daughter connected with a local business owner who made lunch.
They prepared bags and helped hand them over to demonstrators.
Slowly a new kind of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
"My activism changed completely after August 9," she said, noting that as a student at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Association, focusing on food justice and health inequalities in black communities.
"I had no experience in organizing.
It's all come."
Weeks later, during an evening demonstration, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the co-directors of the film.
Folayan said she and her cameraman Lucas Alvarado-Farrarar just wanted to "document" what happened.
One question crossed Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story to exploit?"
This skepticism was nurtured by countless cases of people, often white people - in a community that benefited from their pain and resilience.
As Folayan explained in a recent interview: "We had heard that people born and raised in Ferguson did not center their voices and we wanted to do it differently.
Folayan had already worked with then co-director Damon Davis, an artist from the field known for his activism around death row inmates.
His involvement brought Ferrell closer to the project, and together with six other locals, the Whose Streets? team followed in the years following Brown's shooting.
"This documentary is not someone who speaks for us or who talks to us. We talk," said Davis.
"That was the main thing for me, how these people are portrayed, because that's how I'm going to be portrayed."
The goal was not to focus on Ferrell's experience - to show that the movement "is not a Messiah leader, but a community that comes together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open participant in the film.
As a result, documents from "Whose Streets?" show surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, how she falls in love and marries her wife.
"I felt like I was naked," Ferrell said, laughing as she saw the finished product for the first time.
"But I understood that there must be a certain vulnerability in this work and in humanizing black people."
In addition, Ferrell's story repeats the role of black gay women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
Two of the three founders of the movement, who influenced the film "BlacklivesMatter" in social media after the killing of black teenager Trayvon Martin in 2012, identify themselves as gay.
"Black, gay women in leadership positions have carried the movement as a whole," Ferrell said, "and so we are constantly fighting on different fronts.
Black, gay women must bear the brunt of everything."
Folayan agreed to note that "the movement is really being sustained by black women and many black women.
She insists, however, that "this is not an affirmative type of action," in which Ferrell was chosen for her identity as the heart of the film.
"She was the person who awakened this energy," she said.
"It is no coincidence, although she was on the front line, because there is so much at stake in a life at these crossroads as a black, gay woman.
You can feel their energy through the screen."
Meanwhile, the news cameras in Ferguson have long since disappeared, but racial ties between the community and the police still exist.
Ferrell is on probation for 2½ years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home: "A chaos".
Nevertheless, she clings to a song and she has been committed to this memory since she took to the streets in Ferguson three years ago.
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
It's our duty to win.
We must love and support each other.
We have nothing to lose - except our chains."
From "dream" to "megalomania": TV readers discuss Bit-Galerie
The Bit-Gallery moves people, although it is far from being built.
But the idea of a shopping centre at the southern end of the pedestrian zone has divided the population into supporters and opponents since its first presentation in 2009.
The subject hardly leaves anyone cold.
The topic is also discussed on our Facebook page "Volksfreund Bitburg".
While some say to the Bit-Gallery: "That would be a dream" (Anja Becker) or "That would be really great" (Nicole Schausten), the other side says: "Nobody needs a human being" (Siggi Betzen) or simply: "Megalomania! (Lars Scholz).
While the supporters are counting on a gallery attracting more customers to the city, from which the other shops will also benefit, the opponents fear that the pedestrian zone will then bleed dry.
In addition, the gallery is planned on the very site where the farmers' market hall is located, where 13 direct marketers offer their products.
This will end with the start of construction work.
The gallery makers want to integrate a market hall into the new building - facing Beda Square with the possibility of sitting outside.
Simone Zimmer: "We have been shopping at the Bauernmarkthalle almost weekly for many years.
Mainly our eggs, but also the delicious cakes of the countrywomen again and again very gladly.
We have also discovered the butchery for us.
We would like to have a chance to maintain this offer during and especially after the construction of the gallery.
In other cities you can find it in the same way.
The Kleinmarkthalle in Frankfurt is particularly interesting."
Gerd Densing: "Whether direct marketers settle in a market hall in the gallery depends on the amount of rent.
But I don't think it's going to be that low on the new project."
Eva Kilic: "Why shopping palaces in Bitburg?
Whether it's clothing, shoes, drugstores or supermarkets: I find that superfluous.
There are enough of those in our town already.
You can see how many shops are standing empty here - some of them for months and years.
But since there is not even a proper weekly market here, it is all the more important that we at least keep the market hall.
After all, the goods offered there are fresh, are mostly offered directly by the producer and are also inexpensive.
As can be seen, shops in a shopping centre are only rented by larger companies, because the rents there are often not affordable for a retailer.
Too bad, specialty shops are almost gone and what's left of them will probably disappear as well".
Wolf Fandel: "A shopping centre with a market hall does not fit together for me.
And the gallery doesn't fit in Bitburg.
Above all: Where is the farmers' market hall to go during the construction period?
The old Edeka would be the solution - even in the long run, if the Bit-Gallery actually comes sometime.
Or will the ghost Bit-Galerie manage to drive all shops out of Bitburg before then?"
George Marquet: "That simply will not work.
And no one needs a shopping centre that stands empty.
In my opinion it would have been better to promote a real farmers' market instead of this gallery.
But there is no room for a farmers' market hall anymore, thanks to the many - in my opinion - senseless building projects in Bitburg.
If the farmers' market hall is destroyed, a piece of culture will disappear again."
A fitting resemblance: artist creates portraits with Chelsea Manning's DNA
In the middle of the room of the Fridman Gallery in New York, many faces can be seen - white, black, and brown, almost imperceptibly similar - hanging from cables from the ceiling.
The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and haircuts sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
Manning sent the clippings from Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst served a 35-year prison sentence after making classified diplomatic messages public via the WikiLeaks website.
The new exhibition, which opened on August 2, is called A Becoming Resemblance.
It is the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combined her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a transwoman and seminal dissident whose conviction was commuted by Barack Obama when he had only three days left in office.
Dewey-Hagborg, through the algorithmic analysis of DNA extracted by Manning, from which 30 portraits were created of what someone might look like with this genomic data, has created a sharp, if somewhat intellectual, commentary not only on the malleability of DNA data - the many ways in which it can be interpreted and the inherent determinism of these interpretations - but also on identity.
Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has been openly talking about identifying as a woman since puberty, was convicted on 20 charges in 2013, including six espionage law violations, computer fraud and theft.
Her image was suppressed by the prison, so much so that there was only one photograph - a grainy black and white selfie in which Manning was visibly uncomfortable sitting in a driver's seat and wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she was associated.
In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg has just had the great success of its 2012 project 'Stranger Visions'.
In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts such as cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the waste to create a picture of what these people might look like.
That was when she received an e-mail from a newspaper magazine.
"They did an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison, and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany this article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
And she couldn't be visited at that time and she couldn't be photographed, so you contacted Chelsea and asked her if she wanted to do a DNA portrait.
The artist and her imprisoned muse became unequal pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
They even created a comic "Suppressed Images" illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, which foresaw a future in which the president would reverse Chelsea's verdict and she would be able to see the exhibition in person.
That Obama would actually demand Manning's release after seven brutal years in a Kansas military prison just days after the book was published was a welcome kind of happy coincidence.
There is also something deep and strong about the opening of the exhibition now, as Donald Trump is waging a war against government informants and transgender troops to find new, tweetable ways to further inflame the rigid divisions he was supposed to be fixing.
When Dewey-Hagborg was asked about the strange timing of all these things, she said that "things happen for a reason.
In an artistic statement written on the wall of the gallery, Manning, with her oversized signature underneath (the "i" in her family name is marked with a heart), called for an end to "automatic fragmentation, the basis of which has been gender, race, sexuality and culture.
On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
Dewey-Hagborg hoped that by including the 200 letters (or nucleotides according to the artist's highly developed scientific encyclopaedia) she would show how amazingly similar, at least in biological terms, we all are.
"What people will hopefully take away from this is that our genome does not care who we are and how open genetic data is to interpretation and how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories, is also on display.
"DNA data can tell so many different stories, hence 30 of these stories."
The last piece in the exhibition, which is kept in a separate room, is a page from the comic novel mentioned above.
She shows Manning emerging from the disciplinary barracks of the United States like King-Kong with a hands-free telephone in her hand.
"If they kill your speech, they've won," they say.
"So don't ever shut up."
"It came straight from a letter she wrote me," said the artist, greeting from Philadelphia.
"I still get goose bumps when I talk about it."
Manning has not yet seen the exhibition in person - as foresightedly anticipated in the comic book - but if she does, she will be greeted in the middle of the room by the masks, by her own genomic simulacra, which flock together like hordes of protesters.
This was also purposeful, like everything in the exhibition, up to the size (5 " 2, Manning's stature), where her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
"In the past I had them on the wall, but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," said Dewey-Hagborg of the portraits.
"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that formed with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind her liberation."
Professor of Northwestern University and an Oxford University employee wanted for killing
A nationwide manhunt is underway for a professor at Northwestern University and an Oxford University employee, who are wanted as suspects after a man was stabbed to death in a luxury Chicago apartment.
On Monday, warrants were issued for Wyndham Lathem (42) and Andrew Warren (56) for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, according to Cook County Magistrates Court records.
The documents say that Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after several stitches.
A community warning system published by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
Officers received a call, arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with multiple injuries on his body.
Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead at the scene, and detectives are investigating the stitches as a murder, while police are actively searching for the two suspects, officials said.
Lathem has been Associate Professor of Microbiology and Immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
Alan K. Cubbage, Vice President of University Relations, said in an e-mail statement that Lathem is now on leave and has been barred from entering the Northwestern University campus.
"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in this investigation," Cubbage said.
Warren is a Senior Treasury Assistant at Oxford University.
A spokesman for the University and Somerville College said in an email statement that "we are in contact with the police in the UK and are prepared to assist the US investigating authorities in any way we can.
The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and wanted him to turn himself in.
Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he urged the suspects to surrender to the authorities.
"The police have an idea of their whereabouts, and our efforts to locate them are intensifying," said Guglielmi.
Guglielmi said that local, regional and national authorities are helping to find the suspects.
Guglielmi said the police received a call from the building manager of the Grand Plaza building who had just received a mysterious tip saying that something had happened in apartment 1008.
The police described the scene as very cruel.
Guglielmi said it was unclear whether the incident also took place on July 27.
Security cameras confirmed that Lathem and Warren were in the building.
"We believe that Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," said Guglielmi.
The Grand Plaza management team released a statement to residents: "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are investigating a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident.
"We will complete the WADA road map in the near future" - Russian Deputy Prime Minister Mutko
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko said it would not be long before the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the restoration of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) were implemented.
"At a certain stage of meeting the criteria of the Roadmap, RUSADA has been granted the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
The WADA schedule has been updated in this respect," Mutko explained on Thursday.
The PM commented on the second part of WADA's Roadmap for Compliance with the Code, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and was recently published on the organization's website.
According to Mutko, there is nothing in it that could give cause for concern to Russia.
"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and WADA in the near future," he added.
However, one of the criteria in the list states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publicly accept the reported results of the WADA-approved investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren into alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
Regarding the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation because our anti-doping system has admitted a mistake.
All measures have been implemented.
But there were no government programs, and we will not admit something that does not exist."
Mutko's words coincided with those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of the independent Russian anti-doping commission.
Speaking with Russian sales outlet RSport earlier today, Smirnov admitted to past problems in Russian anti-doping organizations, but then added: "We have repeatedly said that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
Nobody intends to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
RUSADA was banned from conducting doping tests in Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
However, she was allowed to plan and coordinate tests under the supervision of international experts and the UK Anti-Doping Agency (UKAD).
After a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
Aldi no longer sells eggs for the time being
This was reported by the company groups.
It was a purely precautionary measure, and no further health damage could be assumed, the communication stated.
From now on, only eggs that have been proven to be negative for fipronil-based anti-lice agents may be delivered to Aldi.
Aldi wants to create clarity and transparency for its customers.
The start-ups that will help your company not to become the next super
Amy Errett wanted to measure your employees' happiness with your e-commerce start-up, but the surveys did not work.
Answers were often vague, unhelpful or - even worse - fraudulent.
And even if she promised anonymity, some workers did not trust the process.
"There was simply never any consistency or objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
She was calling in people from the outside for help.
A new breed of human resources start-ups is growing to help companies find out how their employees feel.
By creating and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, it enables companies to conduct surveys, target specific groups and demographics, provide employee anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistleblowers to bypass C-Suite executives and report directly to the Board of Directors.
"You now have tools like Strava and Fitbit to track your health, but where's the Fitbit for your business," said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
Errett said that she gained a better insight into what your employees think and feel during the three years with Glint.
In addition to snap surveys and surveys of specific teams, it provides a heat map of the company that shows at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - so you can drill down to see why.
Companies are coming to realise that they need to stay at the forefront of workplace culture so that you don't become the next uber to be involved in scandals since a former employee posted a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke were punished.
For start-ups like Glint, this desire for an overview is a lucrative business opportunity.
The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to the financial website Let's Talk Payments.
Denver, Colorado, start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw increased interest and activity earlier this year in the midst of the Uber-fall in discredit.
Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft and Tesla.
Uber has recently registered as a client.
Like Glint, Convercent allows companies to send custom "pulse" surveys, collect confidential answers in real time and view the heat maps of your problem areas.
It also offers an anonymous SMS hotline where employees can report bad behaviour.
And if the chief executive is involved, complaints go directly to the supervisory board.
"The court of public opinion has captured the regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, founder and CEO of Convercent.
If a company is found to be mistreating its employees or behaving unethically, it can face costly consequences through consumer boycotts, employee turnover and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees and over 500 locations, has deployed Convercent for more than a year to ensure that employees are aware of its policies and procedures and have an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
In the past, when an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, file a formal complaint and hope that he or she would be taken seriously.
It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesdays General Counsel, who said there was no good way to pursue employee complaints.
Now that the company is using Convercent, issues that were previously hidden by executives sitting in city or state offices - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view of the employment experience," said Vitrano, who leads Ruby Tuesday's Risk Management Group.
"And we protect our shareholders from employment litigation."
Companies began to take ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after the accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed over ethical violations in the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
But it took time for the "social media to come into their own" that companies realized they could not prevent their dirty laundry from going online.
"Before the use of technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service and charge companies with recurring fees for the use of their products.
It is a business model and an opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors who have both supported start-ups.
Convercent received $10 million in February financing from companies such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing the total capital up to $47 million.
Glitter secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total financing to $60 million.
These investments are hardly surprising, given the interconnected nature of business, culture and venture capital.
There is a growing body of research that shows that today's employees expect more from their jobs than ever before.
In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are just stakes.
The employees want to feel that you are accepted and appreciated and that you are giving your time to a company with a positive mission.
"When people are happy to be in a company, feel that their voices are heard and that the work you do is worthwhile, they feel a stronger commitment to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of Global Benefits and Employee Experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.
Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies perform well. Companies run well when employees are committed and engaged.
When third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee engagement and commitment, it's no wonder you find support.
The data on employee engagement according to the experts of workplace culture important.
But the data is useless if the managers of a company do not take action.
In fact, when a company asks employees for their feedback, they may have an expectation that change is on the way.
And if change does not come fast enough, or not at all, it can breed disappointment and demotivate employees.
"When you ask for 4,000 suggestions, you have to be willing to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies that relied too much on data collection.
"Because if you do not follow, staff will wonder, "Did you really hear me?
Will you take care of it?
And if you don't care, why should I? "
Madison Reed, which now conducts monthly employee surveys, has been able to take same-day action when a problem is reported on Glint, Errett said.
And after collecting feedback from frustrated employees, the speed of decision making and quality of communication enabled her to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
At Ruby Tuesday, the company continues to gain new insights about its employees, and it hopes that in the long run, this will lead to better retention of employees in an industry known for high turnover.
"If you are not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you will lose people," Vitrano said.
"And when you lose people, you lose customers.
And if you lose customers, you will lose companies.
The NCAA eliminates the two-day practices and makes a long day for the Bruins
It's heading towards 11pm as a crowd of UCLA football players converse on one side of the team's new practice fields on campus.
Some have taken off their jersey tops and show their backs full of sweat from the first day of training camp.
For a good part of the team these idle minutes represent a lunch break.
Players enrolled in the Summer Courses will return to their final exams after the three hours of practice before returning to the Wasserman Football Center at 6:30 the next morning.
"This is a real treadmill for the boys for the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said just before Monday became Tuesday.
The NCAA is eliminating two-day practices to lighten the burden of the players, and they have actually extended their days - at least until the final on Friday.
Therefore, the first three UCLA training sessions should start at 19:15 to accommodate the already packed schedules of the players.
The compromise away from the two days is more than a day when the Bruins postponed the start of the camp for almost a week after last season and, during summer school, performed practical exercises for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
They are to hold 18 exercises during August. 20 before the start of the formal match preparations for their opening match against Texas A & M in September.
Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change, even if it added another point to the players' busy routes.
"We put this enormous burden on them for three or four days, and it's very challenging," Mora said.
"And they just pushed it through, they keep pushing themselves, they're great people.
I think once we get to Saturday and we have more time, it's gonna be really great."
UCLA will end its practices as soon as the camp is finished, which will not be an easy task given the clear lines of sight of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjacent Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a safety net behind a goalpost.
Bruins players are due to occupy the hotel from this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be a problem once these rooms are available during the season.
"We will use our security," Mora said.
"This is a real problem, and it's not far-fetched to think that people will rent a room there and then get ready to record an exercise.
If you have the video tape of an exercise, it's a pretty good deal.
But we have security there, and we have security in parking lot 8.
We'll do the best we can with what we have.
I'm not too worried about it.
We have a plan."
Facebook wants to intensify fact-checking in the fight against fake messages
Facebook wants to send more potential articles with false reports to third-party fact-checkers and then display their results under the original article, the world's largest online social network said Thursday. It is one of his efforts to combat so-called fake news.
The company said in a statement on its website that it will begin using updated machine learning methods to detect possible false positives and send them to fact-checkers who may display results of fact-checking from the original article.
Facebook has been criticized as one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many believe also influenced the US presidential election in 2016.
The problem has also become a major political issue in Europe, with French voters flooded with false stories in the run-up to the presidential elections in May, and Germany supports a plan to punish social media networks if they fail to quickly eliminate hateful postings as they did before the elections there in September.
On Thursday, Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-check will be launched in the USA, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
"In addition to knowing what stories are being challenged by third-party fact-checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, product manager for Facebook News in a blog.
She added that Facebook will continue to test its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to reduce false positives.
Creating a comic novel: A castle in the history of England
In its recent past, little Scotney Castle was featured in a squeeze music video and was a loophole for Margaret Thatcher in the 1970s and 1980s.
But Scotney has experienced 700 years of turbulent history from his comfortable seat in the Bewl River Valley in Kent and has now become the inspiration for a graphic novel by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
"What a personal relationship to hold this letter in my hand."
A Castle in England' spans the period from the Middle Ages to the age of Edward and documents the families who lived in Scotney. Each story was illustrated by a different emerging British artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
It is not the first book by Rhodes based on an archive: He wrote 'Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories' in 2014, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
"I only reacted this way to the thumbprint on the page of a letter written by a double agent in the 1700s who worked for the Jacobins," he says.
"That's his thumbprint!
And letters always smell of smoke, because in those days they lit a fire because of the light.
For someone who lives 300 years later, the smell has an effect as if he himself was there.
Oh, I love archives!"
For someone who is so beaten with old papers that he is supported by the National Trust and the Arts Council England and lived in a castle for almost four months ("To be honest: I overestimated my welcome a little") this all seems too good to be true.
Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, looking through the archives and studying the many treasures and curiosities of the castle, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and the bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
He wandered through the grounds and ruins of the old castle and talked to landscapers, gardeners and sometimes the artists who worked on the illustrations in his book.
Then, at night, he drank whiskey and started writing.
The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust did not have full access until 2006, when the last heiress, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
When Rhodes arrived a decade later, the employees were just beginning to take care of the archive, which he described as "hundreds of years of aristocrats saying, 'Oh, throw it in the attic.
Diaries, letters from the time of the English Empire, maps showing who owned what: "You would think that land conflicts would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was a birch tree that two families fought over.
Boys, let everything take its course!"
Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a starting point for a broader exploration of English history, including 'The Labourer', who follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the Peasant Revolt of 1381.
"There is a record of a disturbance that occurred at the castle in 1380 in this book entitled 'Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex'," Rhodes says.
"The peasant uprising began in this area and I thought an uprising would be a good start.
Perhaps the two are connected?"
Other stories are deeply rooted in the history of the castle - such as 'The Priest', which tells the story of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
Or 'The Smuggler', depicting 18th century smuggler Arthur Darrell, who staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with stones (a discovery made years later when his coffin was dug up).
The Darrells are Rhodes' favorite family of Scotney: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite crooks, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
Other generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of good-looking guys with a talent for wooing heiresses.
After the end of his assignment at the castle, Rhodes is looking for other unique writing experiences
He spent two weeks in the Finnish wilderness for a comic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
But Scotney has a special place for him.
"I was sad to leave again," he says.
It was like, "Oh, now I've got to get on with my fucking life again."
Campaign launched: Over 300 year old Marienkapelle in Rhöndorf veiled
With the wrapping of the 301-year-old Marienkapelle in Rhöndorf, the city of Bad Honnef started its campaign for the introduction of a new umbrella brand on Friday (Thursday's Rundschau).
Until Thursday, Mayor Otto Neuhoff and his marketing team around Nelson Artz want to keep the logo and slogan secret.
At the end of August, the campaign will culminate in a festival on the island of Grafenwerth.
"Too good for us.
Or is it?", the makers of the action have been asking on the posters at the Rhöndorf Chapel since yesterday.
"We don't really think so (of course!)," they write on their website, which was launched yesterday.
"But we are using this measure to get your attention.
And to make it clear that some things are better than they seem.
Basically, we are firmly convinced that we as citizens of Bad Honnef are well aware of the beauty and attractiveness of our city.
The campaign is about more than "just" a logo and a slogan, the story goes on.
"It is necessary to formulate a single promise, one that will give the city an unmistakable unique selling point".
After all, it is in competition with other municipalities.
The city of Bad Honnef is spending a medium five-figure sum on its new umbrella brand and the campaign.
Military reforms in Turkey - Erdogan's fear of the army
Every year at the beginning of August, the Supreme Military Council (YAS) in Ankara discusses retirements and promotions in the officer corps.
Same this week.
At first sight a normal process.
But nothing is routine in the Turkish armed forces one year after the attempted coup.
The meeting no longer took place in the General Staff building, as it used to, but in the Prime Minister's office.
Under the chairmanship of the Head of Government, the five Deputy Prime Ministers and the Ministers of Defence, the Interior, Justice and Foreign Affairs now also took part in the discussions.
This outnumbered the civilians in the YAS.
The government is tightening the reins in the military.
Chief of General Staff Hulusi Akar remains in office, but the commanders of the army, air force and navy have been removed.
Since the failed coup, head of state Erdogan has fired 169 of the 326 generals and admirals.
More than 10,000 soldiers were removed from the ranks of the army - mostly because of alleged connections to the movement of the exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom Erdogan sees as the mastermind behind the attempted coup.
Negotiations against 486 people who are said to have been directly involved in the coup attempt have been underway in Ankara since this week.
Already on the day after the coup, Erdogan had called the attempted coup a "gift of God" because it gave him the opportunity to "completely cleanse" the armed forces.
But does Erdogan really have control of the army?
At the end of February, the newspaper "Hürriyet" published an article entitled "Discomfort at Military Headquarters".
There are concerns in the general staff about an increasing "Islamization" of the army, which manifests itself among other things in the lifting of the headscarf ban for female soldiers, the newspaper wrote.
In any case, the large-scale cleaning up of the army and security forces continues.
In mid-July, Erdogan issued a decree firing a further 7395 civil servants, including 2303 police officers and 546 soldiers.
It seemed that Erdogan had tamed the military.
The generals used to be considered the real masters of the country.
Three times they coup d'état with reference to their role as guardians of the secular state order.
After his election victory in 2002, Erdogan pushed back the power of the military step by step, not least in reference to the reform guidelines of the European Union.
Former officers say that Erdogan is deliberately pushing for an Islamization of the armed forces.
In the magazine "Vocal Europe", an officer not mentioned by name, who sought asylum abroad after the attempted coup for fear of persecution, warned that in a few years the Turkish army would be "full of extremists and Salafists".
If this were true, such a development could not leave Nato cold.
In any case, there are doubts in the alliance after the purges about the readiness of the Turkish army.
The leadership structures and operational capabilities are "weakened", say NATO diplomats.
Washington changes the rules for the Green Card
There will be a new US immigration plan to change the rules of the green card, said President Donald Trump, quoted by the media.
It provides for a reduction in the number of legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining visas for temporary work and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and supported by the President.
The bill is to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
"This bill will reduce poverty, increase wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers and will do so by changing the way the US gives green cards to citizens of other countries."
The law will prevent chain migration and replace the current system.
This new application procedure will benefit candidates who speak English, who have the financial means to support themselves and who demonstrate skills that will benefit our economy," Trump said, quoted by the American media.
Ministry wants to renovate line for Rennsteigshuttle
Over the past months, the future of the Rennsteig shuttle has been the subject of repeated arguments - now things are to move very quickly.
Before the end of the year, construction is to be completed on the ailing line on which the tourist train runs.
In order to secure the future of the Rennsteig shuttle in the long term, construction work on the line is to begin this year, according to the Ministry of Transport.
"With its decision to continue to order and renovate the Ilmenau-Rennsteig route, the state is committing itself to this link, which is particularly important for tourism," explained Transport Secretary Klaus Sühl on Friday in Erfurt.
He estimated the cost of repairing the line at around 2.5 million euros.
Of this amount, the state will pay 75 percent.
The contract, on the basis of which the shuttle will continue to be ordered by the state in the future, is currently being finally agreed, Sühl explained.
The ministry and the South Thuringia Railway as operator have already agreed on the technical details.
"This means that the timetable, the vehicles used and the quality standards have been negotiated," said Sühl.
The planned contract between the Ministry and the railway company will be concluded for a period of eleven years.
The Rennsteig Shuttle is to be ordered regularly on December 2017.
The Rennsteig-Shuttle is a train connection between the stations Ilmenau and Rennsteig, which is especially popular with tourists.
In recent months, a pilot operation has tested whether the line is used by a sufficient number of people to be able to order it regularly again in the future.
The track is also very dilapidated in parts.
The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
Just when you thought it couldn't get any crazier in 2017, a new report comes out on technological developments in the field of sex robots.
Yes, indeed.
Sex robots are a big deal right now.
Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) published a report on the development of sex robots over the next five to ten years.
According to Noel Sharkey, Professor Emeritus of Robotics and Artificial Intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we must start to take their rise seriously.
Customers can choose the eye color of the robot, its nipple shape and the type of fingernail.
"People make fun of them, but companies are delivering plenty of them, and we will see more of them," said Mr Sharkey on the release of his new report.
Modern sex dolls have evolved from their inflatable partners to robots with a silicone skin that feels warm to the touch - with conscious human reactions achieved by artificial intelligence.
The user can also "customize" his robot according to his beliefs, choosing everything from the color of the robot's eyes to the shape of its nipples to the type or color of its fingernails.
But it becomes even more disturbing, as many robots possess the "personalities" that would make a Stepford woman look progressive.
Modern sex dolls have developed into robots with a silicone skin.
For example, the RealBotix robot allows its users to customize their robots to the characteristics they find appealing, such as shyness.
And then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots developed by True Companion, with pre-programmed personalities such as "Frigid Farrah", who gives the impression of shyness, and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
"Roxxxy Gold has a personality that fits your personality as well as possible," enthuses the True Companion website.
So she likes what you like, and she doesn't like what you don't like, etc.
She also has her moods during the day - just like real people!
She can be tired, she can be fixated on conversation, or she can be "in the mood"!"
There are many disturbing aspects to this rise of sex robots - not least because they replace real human relationships - but the submissive female characteristics, the allusions to rape when you take a step towards Frigid (meaning here: reluctant) Farrah, worry you the most.
On his website True Companion compared Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
"If women (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have Roxxxy?" the website says.
But these sex robots are not just a fetish or just another sex toy.
Their emergence and increasing sophistication point to something darker and deeper in our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality to a desire for sex with submission as an optional extra.
Most men, of course, will not keep sex robots, and while the FRR notes their growing popularity, they remain on the fringes of consumer culture for the time being.
But what leaks out from the margins can be very instructive in terms of the spirit of the times in which we live.
And many people are not strange or offensive until the free market gives them permission to do so.
There is some overlap that these sophisticated sex robots appear at a time when women's rights are threatened worldwide, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
The most frightening aspect of the television series 'The Handmaid's Tale' is not the graphic images, the intertwined bodies and the gouged out eyes, but how realistic this vision seems.
The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but right now it doesn't feel like a big leap.
The goal behind these sex robots is to create a physical resemblance to actual women as realistically as technically possible (albeit in porn star proportions).
Their builders want them to feel human, to imitate the movement of a real body.
But, in a nutshell, when it comes to their "personalities", the robots do not represent real women.
They cannot separate from their companion or simply walk away.
They have no mediation or a background story, nothing that suggests independence or anything that could disturb the fantasy of total submission.
In other words, they are pleasing slaves.
Or to put it in the 2017 expression: Maid
Trump's big achievement?
He makes Mitt Romney the epitome of common sense
It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that polarized the U.S. electorate have also split families on a small scale.
Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, there were newspapers in the USA with advice on how to deal with the horror of Trump voting relatives.
We are all supposedly working hard to burst our filter bubbles.
Less noticed is the power of Trump to bring families together.
I mention this because my cousin, a left-wing poet who lives in Chicago and has long been involved with the Republicans in our family, visited me in New York this week.
She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican kinship she fought with for decades over politics, is suddenly and strangely on the same side.
Around the dining table is certainly a good thing, but it strikes me in a broader context that this also entails considerable risks.
The left was strengthened by Trump, but the disfiguring effect of his presidency has the power to push us all to the right.
When we speak of "normalization" and Trump, we are referring to the spooky possibility that one day his antics will no longer repel us.
But there is an even more frightening long-term scenario in which Trump "normalizes" right-wing Republicans who suddenly appear to be the epitome of reasonableness compared to his standards.
These days I find myself infected by an active nostalgia for Mitt Romney's hilarious version of the madman - the dog on the roof of the car, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem like very mild crimes indeed.
If Trump goes, the next Republican candidate only needs to be mentally healthy to qualify as a tremendous improvement.
When my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the Central Park Carousel, the largest of the New York City Park Department's carousels, and the best three dollars you can spend in the city when you don't need caffeine.
The horses are enormously large, the fibreglass designs on the central cylinder - all the clowns are grumpy and the animals twist to look over their own shoulders in fear - extremely sinister and the jingling music conveys this in a strange way.
So many clichés of a city disappoint: The views of tall buildings are getting old, the skylines are becoming too familiar to offer much excitement, and the reality of the city does not live up to the dream.
Thirty-five years later, and I'm still not quite over the day when I found out that Swiss Cottage is in fact not a Swiss Cottage - the theme pub Ye Olde Swiss Cottage doesn't count - but a large roundabout in the north of London.
However, the Central Park Carousel is still a strangely magical experience as two two two-year-olds, one 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can walk on it and all have a great time.
If I could have rated the carousel, I would have given him the full score, but luckily nobody asked for it.
On the other hand, this week in a department store, I was forced to rate my "experience" with transactions on a scale of one to five stars before I could swipe my credit card.
The coffee shop on the corner of my street is the same, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this to buy something over the counter.
This not only slows down what should actually be a neutral exchange, but also puts pressure on the server to bring personality into a situation where none is required.
The poor woman in the department store stood smiling apologetically while I tiredly experienced handing her my five-star credit card.
Oscar Pistorius transferred from prison to hospital with chest pain
Pistorius has left prison for the second time for a hospital visit.
Last year he was taken to hospital for the treatment of cuts on his wrists, which the prison authorities say he suffered after a fall in his cell.
Pistorius was convicted of murder following an appeal by the public prosecutors against a first sentence of manslaughter.
He killed Steenkamp in the early morning hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting at her several times through a door of the toilet cubicle in his house in Pretoria.
Pistorius claimed that he thought his girlfriend was a nocturnal intruder hiding in the cabin.
Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal this time against the six-year prison sentence of Pistorius, which they say is too lenient.
The National Prosecution Service said it would appeal to the Supreme Court of South Africa and the appeal could be heard this year.
Pistorius runs the risk that his sentence will be increased to 15 years if the prosecutors are successful.
There is no death penalty in South Africa.
When Farmer Arnold finds a strange egg
The fourth graders from Fützen and Epfenhofen were the last of the Blumberg schools to be released for the holidays and into secondary schools.
Three of the pupils who are released from school will go to grammar school in future, four to secondary school.
Headmistress Angelika Sitte welcomed the parents and representatives of the public in the Bürgerhaus Biesental in Epfenhofen on Tuesday evening.
As a symbol for the school release, the 29 students of the four classes under the leadership of Sophia Schumacher and Regine Meder chose a young eagle, which grows up in the chicken yard, but is then released into freedom.
The lively crowd performed a musical with the title "The eagle in the chicken yard".
Farmer Arnold found a strange egg and had it hatched by his chickens.
Instead of a chicken chick, a small eagle came out.
But the hope to make a chicken out of him was shattered, the eagle spread its wings on a high mountain and disappeared.
Afterwards, classes three and four showed a chicken dance in the rehearsal of Yvonne Frank.
The hens danced with the young cocks, who wore top hats, in a competition.
The eagle stands for integration, said headmistress Angelika Sitte.
Although the young animal is different from the other young animals (chicks), it belongs to them.
But he'll never be like a chicken.
His destiny was to be free.
She wished every fourth grader to feel accepted in their new school.
This was followed by a word of thanks to his colleagues, the former headmaster Michael Müller, who always helps out when there are teaching shortages, and the parents' representatives.
The time for chicks is over now, explained class teacher Sophia Schumacher.
She is very reluctant to dismiss her students after two years of teaching, because it was a really great time.
In the end, she could rely on the fourth graders.
At the end all pupils sang a song about summer time and holiday time.
Great joy broke out among the children.
Eight first-graders have already registered for the new school year.
Two Bulgarians arrested for illegal camping in Greece
Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, quoted by television, said.
On the morning of 1 August, a group of people camping illegally in Sithonia were arrested by the police, including the two Bulgarians.
They were released on the same day while an investigation is ongoing.
The Foreign Ministry reported to bTV that the Bulgarians were later released.
The Greek authorities have tightened up controls on free camping and are imposing substantial fines on anyone found staying in a place not intended for that purpose.
Checks will continue throughout the season.
The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
Software update for diesel vehicles: What those affected need to know now
How exactly does the software update take place?
Do diesel drivers have to participate in the campaign?
The most important questions and answers at a glance.
At the Diesel Summit, BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW Group offered software updates for a total of around 5.3 million cars.
They are intended to improve the exhaust gas behaviour of cars in the Euro 5 and, in some cases, Euro 6 emission classes.
Euro 4 diesel or worse are excluded.
Anja Smetanin from the ACE Auto Club Europa gives assessments:
Is the new action mandatory?
No, the negotiated software updates are voluntary.
"The obligatory updates beforehand only apply to vehicles that have cheating software," says Anja Smetanin.
The Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA) has ordered their retrofitting.
How and when will customers be informed about updates?
The manufacturers have announced a speedy implementation in the coming months, but have not yet given a precise date.
Daimler has announced that it will write to each person concerned.
If an inspection is due anyway, it is carried out within the framework of that inspection.
How long do you expect the overall conversions to take?
"Hard to say," says Smetanin.
This depends on the commitment of manufacturers and political pressure.
"Because we have seen that the automakers are not taking voluntary action on environmental issues."
How long should the update take?
The conversion itself could only take three to four hours in the workshop.
It could be more time-consuming to get an appointment.
What do drivers do who do not drive a car from BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW group?
ACE advises to wait.
Foreign manufacturers would probably follow suit, Smetanin said.
Is there now a threat of a massive drop in the price of Euro 4 cars?
The ACE is afraid of that.
But precisely in those regions where driving bans are threatened.
In rural areas, there have not been any losses in value for older diesels so far.
The ACE advises to wait with a sale.
LL Cool J receives Kennedy Center Award
The Kennedy Awards Gala is one of the most glamorous events in Washington.
The first award ceremony under President Trump promises to become political.
One of the prize winners does not want to come - in protest.
LL Cool J (49) is the first rapper to receive one of the coveted awards from the renowned Kennedy Center.
As the cultural institution announced on Thursday, this year's honored guests include singer Gloria Estefan (59), Lionel Richie (68) as well as choreographer Carmen de Lavallade (86) and TV producer Norman Lear (95).
The awards will be handed over at the beginning of December.
Traditionally, US President Donald Trump will host a reception and attend the ceremony together with his wife Melania.
Lear, who has become known through progressive TV series, has already announced that he will not take part in the gala.
He told the New York Times: "This presidency has chosen to completely neglect the arts and human rights - even depriving them of funding - and that weighs on me".
59-year-old Estefan stressed that she would use the conversation with Trump to make her point of view clear.
The Kennedy Center, named after former President John F. Kennedy, is the largest cultural institution in the US capital.
Previous award winners include Meryl Streep, Aretha Franklin, Robert De Niro, George Lucas, Tom Hanks and Sting.
We make the city liveable
Roland Wacker, Haslach's master builder, will retire next year.
The position is already advertised - but suitable applicants are rare.
Wacker has been a city architect for 31 years.
And he still really enjoys his work, as he explains in the press conference.
He reports on varied, but also challenging tasks that await his successor.
At the same time, he is surprised that no application has met the requirements profile so far.
The city is looking for an architect or civil engineer as soon as possible.
Thus, there should be enough time for an induction period - taking into account the regular notice periods.
Since Haslach acts as the lower building authority for the administrative community, the applicant must present appropriate qualifications.
Because the city wants to keep this function in any case.
If she were no longer able to fill them out, citizens would have to drive all the way to Offenburg for consultation.
But being close to the citizens is important to the city and to himself, says Wacker, who reports a good working atmosphere and a good atmosphere between the authorities and the citizens.
In more than 30 years in office, Wacker has accumulated a number of significant projects of which it can look back with pride.
"We make the city worth living in", he is sure about the building authority and his employees.
But the agenda for the future will continue to be varied: the redesign of the former Hukla site and the Niederhofen car park, for example, have been initiated.
The Kinzig bridge between Bollenbach and Steinach is being renewed, and the stadium renovation is also still a topic.
The latter alone will cost around 1.5 million euros, "if we do it right," estimates Wacker.
"All in all, great tasks await my successor.
It's fun to work here."
In terms of design, there is a great deal of scope for a master builder.
With Haslach's own building yard and nursery, it is possible to react quite flexibly to many things.
"You can move a lot", said Wacker, and the design of the green spaces is often praised by citizens and visitors alike.
Since the old town as an ensemble is a listed building, it is important "to have an eye for what fits in" when new buildings are approved, emphasises the outgoing city architect.
Anyway, the master builder of the city bears a high responsibility.
He's a builder-owner, "in the end, everything here will be on my desk".
For support and coordination he can count on longstanding employees: Markus Neumaier (structural engineering) has been with us for ten years, Manfred Schöner (civil engineering) for 15 years.
Wacker also hopes that his successor will stay for a long time: "We are looking for someone who really identifies with the position and wants to stay.
Continuity is not only important for a good working atmosphere, but also for the further development of the city.
According to the city of Haslach, anyone wishing to inherit Roland Wacker should have completed a degree in engineering or a bachelor's degree in architecture and have good specialist knowledge in the fields of building regulations and building planning law.
The municipal building authority is responsible for structural and civil engineering, urban land use planning, land acquisition matters, administration of municipal real estate, municipal depot with building yard and municipal nursery as well as lower building authority including monument protection.
Bicycle thrown on pipes: Southern railway line closed
According to the police, the previously unknown perpetrators had thrown the blue bicycle from the railway overpass in the area of Leobener Straße (B116) onto the lines.
These were damaged so badly that the approaching freight train had to be stopped.
Investigators assume two male perpetrators and have been searching for them since the night hours.
Near the crime scene, witnesses had observed a pink scooter and a bicycle rider.
"This goes far beyond a prank", ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch told APA.
The perpetrator or perpetrators would have put themselves in great danger and would also have endangered train traffic.
In addition to the damage to the locomotive and the system, as well as the minutes of delay and the costs of rail replacement services, rail customers could face penalties for the perpetrators.
All in all, a "considerable" sum can be assumed, said the spokesperson.
The damage was repaired on Friday afternoon, and rail traffic on the southern line was able to run without any obstructions.
Just under ten passenger trains were down on Friday morning, two of which were long-distance trains.
Freight trains did not break down, but they were delayed.
According to ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch, around 200 metres of overhead lines had to be replaced.
Insulators and masts were also damaged.
Red meat, dairy products and chocolate could help relieve IBD (inflammatory bowel disease)
Red meat and chocolate can sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
But a new study claims just the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based proteins and dairy products could relieve the symptoms of patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
The incurable condition, which affects about 1.3 million in the USA and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and flatulence, recurrent or bloody diarrhoea, weight loss and extreme fatigue.
While sufferers are usually advised to avoid meat and dairy products to alleviate their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found that the essential amino acid tryptophane from proteins helps immune cells develop that promote a tolerant gut.
The lead researcher, Dr. Marco Colonna, explained that immune cells patrol the intestines to ensure that harmful microbes hiding in food do not enter the body.
Cells that are capable of causing inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance and protect the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
If the equilibrium tends too far towards inflammation, an inflammatory bowel disease can result.
Experiments have shown that a type of tolerance-promoting immune cell occurs in mice that carry a certain bacterium in their intestines.
And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the appearance of the cells.
Professor Colonna said: "We have established a link between a species of bacteria - Lactobacillus reuteri - which is a normal part of the intestinal microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
The more tryptophan the mice had in their food, the more of these "immune cells" they had.
He suggested that the combination of L. reuteri and a diet rich in tryptophan promotes more tolerant, less inflammatory intestinal environments when the same system is effective in humans.
Postdoctoral researcher Dr. Luisa Cervantes-Barragan was investigating a type of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she found that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain, but housed separately, did not.
She suspected that the difference had to do with the intestinal microbiomes of mice - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live in the gastrointestinal tract.
The intestines of the mice were DNA-sequenced and six species of bacteria were found that were present in the mice with the immune cells but absent in the mice without them.
Mice were raised in a sterile environment, so they lacked an intestinal microbiome and did not develop this type of immune cells, and they were given L. reuteri and the immune cells developed.
In order to understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in a liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without the bacteria - to immature immune cells that were isolated from the mice.
The immune cells developed into the tolerance promoting cells.
When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a by-product of the tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice' food, the number of such cells increased by about 50 percent, but when the tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells decreased by half.
Dr. Cervantes-Barragan explained that humans have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and that most of us protect L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
It is not known whether tryptophan by-products from L. reuteri develop cells in humans in the same way as in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in humans with inflammatory bowel disease.
She said: "The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage, as these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestine.
Potentially, high levels of tryptophane in the presence of L. reuteri can lead to an expansion of this population".
Jose Mourinho believes that Manchester United has signed a "genius" with Nemanja Matic
Manchester United have signed a "genius" with Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday night.
Chelsea's £40 million signature began with a 2-1 win in Dublin, the last pre-season match before the UEFA Super Cup clash with Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holder role as people like Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marched forward at will.
However, Matic had been excluded from the Blues' preparatory Asian tour and only managed 45 minutes, which Mourinho admitted he needed to improve before the start of the Premier League season.
"He needs time, but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," said Mourinho.
"We'll help him be ready sooner than later."
In addition to Matic, Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started in the Aviva stadium when Mourinho formed his starting XI for the start of the season.
The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho wanted three more new signings, but insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of fulfilling three of its four priority new signings.
"To get three out of four, I thank the club for that," he added.
"I'll be happier if they get four out of four for me, but they tried hard."
Boeing "paints" Dreamliner in the sky
The US aircraft manufacturer Boeing has painted the silhouette of a Dreamliner in the sky.
The pilots took off from Seattle in the US state of Washington, but the drawing began in Marquette in the US state of Michigan and stretched across the USA in the form of a Dreamliner, that is several thousand kilometres.
The action lasted 18 hours and one minute.
On the radar screens was the shape of a Dreamliner.
The whole thing was an endurance test for new engines.
Boeing had already made such advertisements before.
So the number "787" and the Boeing logo were painted in the sky.
New low blow for Martin Schulz - Hannover, we have a problem
How the wind turns: When Sigmar Gabriel was still head of the SPD, social democratic prime ministers always looked to Berlin with a certain amount of concern before elections.
No disturbing fires from party headquarters, no headwinds from the federal government - that was the most important wish of the campaigners.
Since Martin Schulz has been leading the party, this has changed fundamentally.
Since then, the employees of the Willy Brandt House have been observing with growing horror the events in the SPD-ruled state capitals.
What Schulz has received from there since the beginning of the year would not even be described with headwind.
It was low blows.
One at a time.
After the surprising end of the red-green majority in Lower Saxony, the federal CDU sees a general signal against coalitions of SPD and Greens.
"This shows once again: Red-Green simply cannot govern reliably," said CDU Secretary General Peter Tauber to the Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
The surprising departure of a Green Party member of parliament has plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a serious crisis.
Five months before the state elections, his red-green coalition thus lost its one-vote majority to the opposition CDU and FDP.
Michael Kellner, the federal managing director of the Greens, has called on Elke Twesten, the renegade Green member of parliament from Lower Saxony, to return her mandate.
Conversion to the CDU means a clear distortion of the will of the voters.
Elke Twesten must immediately give back her mandate," the federal executive and campaign manager of the Greens told the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
"This can't be true," sighs an SPD campaigner as the new bad news reaches party headquarters on Friday morning.
Stephan Weil, SPD Minister President of Lower Saxony, is without a government majority after Green MP Elke Twesten's transfer to the CDU.
It is the preliminary culmination of a whole series of large and small crises in SPD state associations.
And nobody knows what comes next.
The misery began with the unexpectedly clear defeat in the Saarland elections in March.
A black eye, nothing more, comrades reassured themselves at the time.
After the state elections in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia everything will be different, he said.
And then it did - and everything got much worse.
The defeat in Kiel caused the SPD to stagger, and the Düsseldorf bankruptcy knocked the party flat.
The comrades struggled to get themselves back on their feet in the weeks that followed.
Then, just as they had been gaining new courage, the G-20 summit came from Hamburg.
And with him came the next low blow.
Mayor Olaf Scholz, the last strong SPD state leader, lost his nimbus that weekend because he was sitting in the Elbphilharmonie Concert Hall while his city burned down.
And because he did pretty much everything wrong in crisis communication afterwards that you can do wrong.
Since then Scholz has been fighting for his political survival.
So now Stephan Weil as well.
The Minister President of Lower Saxony has been under criticism for a long time because of the VW exhaust affair and his role on the supervisory board.
Lousy poll numbers were added.
In spite of this, or perhaps precisely because of it, Weil has tried to set accents in the Federation more and more in recent weeks.
The efforts of the former mayor of Hanover to increase his power in Berlin did not remain hidden even from comrades in Martin Schulz's circle.
They let him go, because they expected Weil to stabilize the party.
Now the exact opposite could happen.
But Weil is basically not to blame for the internal party quarrel of the Greens in Lower Saxony.
And certainly not Schultz.
For the time being the comrades are therefore trying to keep their own ranks closed.
Their anger is directed at the Greens, and in particular at the renegade parliamentarian Twesten.
"It is intolerable and damaging to democracy how Ms. Twesten puts her own career interests above the interests of everyone else," says Matthias Miersch, head of the party left in the SPD parliamentary group, the RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Ms Twesten was not elected to parliament as a direct candidate but via the state list of the Lower Saxony Greens, the Lower Saxony MEP continued.
The logical consequence would be that she gives back her mandate.
Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD parliamentary group, complains of an "undemocratic manoeuvre".
"The will of the voters four years ago was clear: the people have made Stephan Weil prime minister," says Oppermann, who is leading the SPD of Lower Saxony as the top candidate in the federal elections, to the RND.
"Now the personal career thinking of a future CDU member of parliament is distorting the election results", Oppermann continued.
He demanded that the background be clarified.
I want to know whether there has been more or whether there have been further commitments by the CDU Lower Saxony.
Subsidies for town centre III
Those who want to renovate their aging house can soon receive support from the state.
Mayor Albert Schindler and three representatives of STEG Stadtentwicklung informed about this on Wednesday in Empfingen.
At the beginning of the information event, Schindler gave a review of what has happened so far.
Since 1991 there have been redevelopment areas in Empfingen.
At that time, in remediation area I from 1991 to 2004, the state of Baden-Württemberg had still taken over two thirds of the funding.
In remediation area II from 2005 to 2016, the subsidy was still 60 percent.
For Schindler, the renovations to date are a "success project" - after all, he says, it is important to promote interior development as well, and not just to open up new construction areas.
On April 4, the Karlsruhe Regional Council informed the authorities that there would be a remediation area III.
The total amount of funding was 833 333 euro, of which 500 000 euro came from the Land and the rest from the municipality of Empfingen.
How is a redevelopment area created?
According to Schindler, they will investigate where the "really old" houses are.
However, it also plays a role whether there is any interest at all in the planned area to redevelop.
If necessary, the area boundaries could then shift again.
The STEG was represented on Wednesday evening by Martin Keller, Gaby Pietzschmann and Sarah Gotzel.
Keller presented the contents of the Federal-Länder programme "Socially Integrative City", under which the redevelopments would then be carried out.
The core of the programme is the revitalisation of inner cities, the improvement of housing and employment conditions and the maintenance and expansion of infrastructure.
The measures would be carried out on a property-by-property basis.
The remediation area would then finally be defined as a statute.
The period for granting subsidies runs from 1 January 2017 until 30 April 2026.
However, the stocktaking would be carried out until September of this year, during which the parties involved in the remediation area would receive a questionnaire to fill in.
In November or December, if possible, the resolution on the articles of association should be passed so that renovation work can begin next year.
Pietzschmann then explained that each municipality had to carry out the aforementioned preliminary investigations.
It was a matter of assessing the urban planning shortcomings and deciding when and to what extent renovation should be carried out.
A notice of reorganization would then also be entered in the land register for the respective property.
She promised that Pietzschmann himself would come back to the reception and get an idea of the situation.
Gotzel emphasised that an essential factor in the success of the project was the involvement of all those involved.
Therefore, there will be questionnaires that will be sent to citizens by post in the coming weeks and can be filled out until after the end of the summer holidays.
The yellow questionnaire is the "building and property sheet", which deals with, among other things, the structural condition and the renovation intentions.
In the grey questionnaire, the "Household and Apartment Questionnaire", information can be given on the size, division and occupants of a dwelling.
The blue 'farm return' is to be completed only if business premises are operated in the building.
However, it should be noted, Gotzel pointed out, that a completed questionnaire is not at the same time an application for subsidies.
Moreover, new construction measures were not eligible for aid.
Schindler also emphasized that the distribution of the subsidies is based on the "first come, first served" principle - first come, first served.
It is not possible to "reserve" funding for later.
Finally, photos of the "Ortskern II" project were shown to make the renovation "palatable" to those present.
British inventor puts a microchip on himself to get into house and car with one hand movement
A British inventor is the first in the country to be equipped with a microchip so he can open his front door, enter his office and even start his car with a flick of his wrist.
Steven Northam, 33, implanted the tiny chip between his thumb and index finger and now offers the service to companies and individuals who want to simplify their lives with technology through his company BioTeq.
He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anaesthesiologist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure that the implant procedure is performed to medical standards.
The technology is similar to a microchip implanted in cats and dogs and takes only 30 seconds.
Mr Northam's company also wants to modify locks on houses and cars to be compatible with the chip, all at an extra cost of £300 per lock.
The married father of one now has technology built into both his home and his BMW Z4 that starts when his hand is at the wheel.
White House advertising costs cost the taxpayer thousands
The White House's decision to fly a Navy helicopter to South Lawn for an event that highlights American manufacturing last month is costing taxpayers up to $24,000, according to military sources released to TIME magazine.
The green and white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is on board, was the centerpiece of the July 17th event at the White House with American construction programs.
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and White House senior officials took a tour of products from all 50 states.
The Connecticut-built helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire engine from Wisconsin and a forklift from Mississippi.
The White House Military Office requested the presence of the helicopter in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on South Lawn, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.
"I just wanted you to be aware of this because it is such an unusual event with high visibility," the commander of the HMX-1 wrote to his superior, the Deputy Naval Aviation Commander, the evening before the event.
The news indicated that the helicopter arrived on July 17 at about 7 a.m. on South Lawn for the 3 p.m. event, and stayed until the lawn was cleared between 6 and 9 p.m. that evening.
The note adds that if the departure from the White House were to be delayed, a second crew would be needed for the return flight due to the limitation of duty hours.
The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while the unit's security personnel remained with the aircraft during the time on the ground.
It was not clear from the records made available to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
Records indicate that HMX-1 asked if the event could violate the determination.
"One question we asked was whether it was a violation of the Hatch Act and we were informed that it was not," the commander wrote.
"Sounds like you're locked up," replied the deputy commander.
The "Made in America" event was designated by the White House as an official event and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
But official events also have political overtones.
At the event, the president gave an impetus to the health care reform process underway in the Senate and he promoted efforts to curb government regulations.
The use of the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
Presidents are obliged to use them for the trip.
But to request their use only for a photo op is unusual.
Trump was conducting an investigation in February when the presidential aircraft was providing taxi services against the backdrop of its first campaign rally in Melbourne, Florida, and his Twitter account is full of messages complaining about the use of the presidential aircraft by his predecessor.
"The White House is excited about the show 'Made In America' - which shows products from all 50 states, made by American workers using American materials," said White House Assistant Press Secretary Lindsay Walters.
HMX-1 crews frequently conduct training flights in the Washington area and South Lawn to drop the U.S. President at the White House with precise centimetre sets.
When Trump was at the G20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 made 58 practice landings at the White House.
The flight for the "Made in America" event counted among the flight crew's training needs for the month, an official said.
Helicopter units flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions".
The White House said the taxpayers did not take the burden for any of the other props presented at the event.
A spokesman for Sikorsky said that the company was not involved in exhibiting the helicopter on South Lawn.
HMX-1 does not maintain budget records for the presidential flights, and it is difficult to determine the exact cost of the event.
However, according to the hourly rates of the US Department of Defense for the 2017 fiscal year, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is USD 24,380 per flight hour.
The unit's records record the aircraft's flight time as 30 minutes from the Marine Corps Air Facility home base at Quantico, Virginia.
The White House argues that the actual cost of operating the helicopter is far below this rate.
"To base the cost to taxpayers on estimates for reimbursement rates is highly misleading," Walters said.
"These estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other hidden costs that are included in the annual budget."
According to a RAND study from 2015, the reimbursement rates for DoD do not include personnel costs, but take into account the costs for fuel, maintenance and contracting.
At that time, former White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
"The idea is to showcase things made in America this week," Spicer said.
"And I know that Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, and I expect hundreds if not thousands of people depend on them.
And I think, like most Americans, we are all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment for which so many Americans have worked tirelessly.
It is, of course, appropriate to emphasize that."
It wasn't clear if Trump was interacting with the helicopter as he walked his tour of South Lawn for the event, but he sat in the driver's seat of a fire truck.
At the White House, Trump spoke to representatives of Sikorsky and joked with the media about his own fleet of corporate products.
"I know Sikorsky very well," the president said, "I have three of them."
TC BW Neuss facing a tricky task
The leader of the second tennis Bundesliga will be the third ranked Suchsdorfer SV.
The TC Blau-Weiss Neuss will compete tomorrow from 11 am in Kiel with the third in the standings, Suchsdorfer SV.
Despite still having a flawless record after five matches, the leader of the Second Tennis Bundesliga has retained his sense of reality.
In any case, team boss Marius Zay has respect for his opponent.
"This is a compact team that always plays in quite similar formation.
Especially on the back positions I think the team is very good."
The class and stability of the Suchsdorfer SV is mainly ensured by imports from the far north.
"Their Danes and Finns can even point to appearances in the Davis Cup.
And they are also strong in doubles," says Zay with a view to Harri Heliovaara (Finland), Andre Göransson (Sweden), Sören and Esben Olesen, Martin Pedersen and Andreas Bjerrehus (all Denmark).
"This will be hard for us, as always.
You need a good dose of luck too."
The Neuss team for the trip to the far north is practically standing.
Maxime Janvier could make his debut for Blue and White.
If the Frenchman, who is currently still active in the Challenger tournament in Biella, Italy, does not make it to the Bundesliga, Zdenek Kolar (Czech Republic), who will be playing in the tournament in Liberec, Czech Republic, will be making his first appearance this season.
The undefeated Chilean Hans Podlipnik-Castillo was still on the ball with the Belarusian Andrei Vasilevski yesterday at the ATP tournament in Kitzbühel.
But he should be in Kiel as well as Botic Van de Zandschulp, Niels Lootsma (both Netherlands) and the Belgian Julien Cagnina.
After his two victories last Sunday against the club on the Alster, Máté Valkusz could also move back into the team.
If it is not enough for the 18-year-old Hungarian, who was still number one in the junior world rankings in January 2016, someone from the coaching staff around Marius Zay will fill the squad.
How America can damage OMV
Donald Trump did not seem really happy when he signed the law to tighten sanctions against Russia on Wednesday evening.
"In its haste to pass the law," he etched in some "unconstitutional provisions,"
The reaction from Moscow was also as sharp as expected, and even Brussels was foaming at the mouth against the US advance.
After all, the draft envisages punishing European companies that help the Russians build gas pipelines to the EU.
Since then, investors from the domestic OMV, which is co-financing the construction of the Russian Baltic Sea pipeline Nord Stream 2 together with other European companies, have been correspondingly worried.
The threat is enormous.
Nevertheless, it is too early for an assessment of the consequences, according to the oil company's official statement.
In fact, Donald Trump himself would still have to bring the sanctions to life by executive order.
Twelve weapons are available for him to choose from.
"The press" looked at which ones the company could fend off and which ones could really hurt him.
Narco's season 3 trailer: Without Pablo Escobar, the Cali Cartel will be the focus of Netflix's hit series
Despite the second season of Narcos, which unveils Pablo Escobar's killer, the Netflix series is far from over.
Seasons three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the first one received its first trailer and showed the latest bad guys of the show.
With the third season, the DEA has turned its attention to the richest drug trafficking organization in the world: the Cali cartel.
Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" only with more government bribes and violent actions.
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the leader of the cartel, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) is its head, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) commands the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) is located in New York.
In the newly released trailer, Pedro Pascal returns as Javier Peña, the guy who invites American and Colombian law enforcement agencies to support the war on drugs.
Other new actors are Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe and Arturo Castro.
The third season of Narcos will start on September 1.
Roll backwards: The city hires 46 kitchen helpers
The city is once again organising the day care centre lunch itself.
With fixed contact persons for the children and an assignment to the team.
In the municipal day-care centres the clock is turned back.
As of September 1, the city of Krefeld will once again take over the food supply in the city's day care centers (kindergartens) on its own.
For Sonja Pommeranz, deputy head of the youth welfare department, this is good news: "We were all very pleased".
Cooking continues to be done outside the company: a caterer takes over this task and delivers freshly cooked, chilled food.
The city runs 46 day-care centres in the Krefeld area, in 44 of them the children get a warm meal at lunchtime.
In the last year of kindergarten, 2800 children sat at each table and the demand is growing steadily.
"In the meantime, it is not only children who are looked after for 45 hours a week who eat lunch at the daycare center," Pommeranz explains.
"Offer also applies to 35-hour care if children stay until 2 p.m."
46 part-time employees will be on kitchen duty from 1 September: they will warm up the delivered food, add salad, raw vegetables and fruit, portion the meal individually, serve the food, clean up, wash up and clean the kitchen.
"The employees are permanently assigned to a day care centre," says Pommeranz.
The size - there are two-group as well as seven-group facilities - determines the amount of hours.
"The kitchen helpers are now a permanent member of the daycare team," says Pommeranz with satisfaction.
"This way they are much more involved and it is easier for the kindergarten management to implement pedagogical concepts".
Because that's what it's all about: healthy eating and cooking lessons.
"Let the children help prepare the food."
The direct connection of the kitchen staff to the team makes sense.
Also for the children.
"They have a known force in the day care centre, a person they know, and not constantly changing people".
This continuity is important for the children.
The cleaning of the kindergarten rooms - previously also the task of the kitchen staff - will in future be carried out by special cleaning personnel.
This variant - the separation of cleaning and kitchen service - not only improves the quality of the kitchen service but also has the charm that it has proven to be the most economical for the city in the cost comparison between in-house and outsourced services, according to the press office.
And this despite the fact that 46 part-time employees are being recruited.
"But with around 750 people in the education sector, these hours don't carry much weight," says Sonja Pommeranz.
Afghan democracy depends on the political role of women, says the UN
Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, said the head of the UN mission in Afghanistan on Wednesday.
Nicholas Haysom, Acting Head of the United Nations Mission, said hundreds of women will run for office in provincial council elections. Three women are running for the role of vice-president and more than 30 percent of the newly registered voters are women.
"The role of women cannot be overestimated," he said in a statement on Wednesday.
Elections can only be truly representative and credible if women participate fully and are involved in all parts of the electoral process.
Afghan elections for the provincial council and presidential elections will be held on 5 April.
The Taliban have issued threats against an electoral process, coinciding with the transition from international fighting to a consultative role.
This year, for the first time, the elections will see the peaceful transfer of power from one democratically elected government to another.
Haysom said a strong role for women will further enhance Afghanistan's democratic success.
The Afghan Independent Electoral Commission reports that 1.2 million women are registered out of a total of 3.6 million registered voters.
Hike to the TV anniversary
On the occasion of the 110th anniversary, TV Kaiseringen invites you to a short hike followed by coffee and cake.
The hike starts on Sunday, July 9th at 13:00 hrs in Frohnstetten near the water reservoir in Amerikastraße.
From there we go to the airfield, to the snake and via the Waldhof back to the water reservoir.
The hike takes about one and a half hours.
Afterwards there will be coffee, cake, cool drinks, string sausages and cheese rolls in the schoolhouse in Kaiseringen.
If you need a ride from Kaiseringen to Frohnstetten: The meeting point is in Kaiseringen at the school.
Men try to rob 13-year-old girl
Two young men, aged 19 and 23, are said to have tried to rob a 13-year-old girl on Thursday.
According to information from the police, the men approached the 13-year-old girl, who was staying at Kolpingstraße with friends, at about 2.55 p.m. because they wanted to call with the girl's mobile phone.
But the 13-year-old rejected the request and went on with her friends.
Thereupon one of the perpetrators tried to grab the girl's mobile phone and necklace, but failed.
Without loot the duo fled.
The two young men were later arrested by the police.
The investigation is ongoing.
GMB concerns about investment in McVitie's Glasgow factory
A union wants to make sure that managers at biscuit manufacturer McVitie have a long-term commitment to production at their Glasgow plant.
GMB Scotland said the company had been silent about the future of investments in the Tollcross site.
More than 500 employees work in the factory, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits among other products.
McVities owner Pladis said he had invested more than £5 million in the last few years.
He added that employees and trade union representatives would be "the first to know" if their activities were to change.
In a letter to the company's branch manager, GMB Scotland McVitie's asked McVitie's to 'express concerns that the financing for the modernisation of production lines is not being pushed forward'.
GMB Senior Organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the General Site Manager about the business needs and investment plans for the future of Tollcross deeply affects our members.
Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the Glasgow area, an important pillar for decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
Therefore, from the perspective of jobs, wages and wealth, and against a background of brexite, rising costs of living and chronic decline in production, the eastern end of Glasgow urgently needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie".
A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The branch manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will respond directly as we appreciate the continued commitment of employees and union representatives.
Two months ago we had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross, where some questions were openly discussed.
We discussed with employees that, like all companies operating in a highly competitive and uncertain economic climate, we constantly review our businesses - and this applies to all our divisions and locations - to remain competitive.
She added: "In recent years we have invested over £5 million in our Tollcross site, particularly in production lines and operational improvements.
We fully recognize the heritage of Tollcross as a production facility. If our operations at the site change, the employees and their union representatives will be the first to know.
Did the PSG warn Barcelona about Neymar three years ago?
The La Liga site may regret its interest in Marco Verratti
Paris Saint-Germain will not relent in its pursuit of Neymar after it made an offer of £189 million to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona three years ago about the world record robbery?
The sensational approach has fueled the transfer window for the summer as the Ligue 1 club is poised to break the world record by more than double the previous one, with Paul Pogba returning to Manchester United last season for £89 million.
Upon completion, Neymar becomes the most expensive player in the world and the highest paid professional sportsman in the world. PSG offers wages in excess of GBP 500,000 per week
Barcelona are furious with the way Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalan board insists the club has always done its best to look after him since arriving from Santos in 2013.
But was the football world warned of this prospect by the PSG president three years ago?
When Manchester City expressed interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club wishing to have one of PSG's top players signed.
"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, we will be in opposition to them, we will contact their players," said Al-Khelaifi.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to have one of our players sign with them, there will be consequences."
Barcelona seem to have crossed that line, with the Spanish club expressing interest in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the international from Italy to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could feel the consequences of this interest by losing one of its price offers for Neymar.
Scooter overturned and damaged
In the night from Friday to Saturday, an unknown perpetrator deliberately knocked over a scooter parked in Königsfelder Straße in front of property number 30, causing property damage of over 200 euros to the lining of the vehicle.
The Schramberg police, telephone 07422/ 27 01-0, is asking for information.
The police are looking for witnesses to an accident on the B 215 between Stolzenau and Leese.
Because a car was coming towards him in his lane, the driver of a VW Touran had to swerve and touched the crash barrier.
On Thursday evening, the 34-year-old from Rehburg-Loccum was on the B 215 coming from Stolzenau in the direction of Leese with his VW at around 19.55 hours.
In the area of the Stolzenau bypass, a car was coming towards him in his lane, so he had to swerve to the right.
The Touran driver touched the crash barrier.
Property damage was caused to the car.
The driver of the oncoming car, a Mercedes Benz, had overtaken a truck and continued his journey without taking care of the traffic accident.
According to the accident victim, it may well be that the Mercedes driver had not even noticed the accident.
The police are now asking witnesses of the incident as well as the driver of the vehicle responsible to contact the police station in Stolzenau under Tel. 05761 / 92060.
Interview: "Domspatzen report exonerates pope brother Georg Ratzinger"
The Regensburger Domspatzen report on the abuse cases exonerates pope brother Georg Ratzinger.
This is the opinion of author and historian Michael Hesemann.
The final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen continues to cause discussion.
Christian Weisnder, spokesman of the reform movement "We are Church", told the German Press Agency after publication that he expected an apology from the former Bishop of Regensburg and now Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller as well as from the Cathedral Kapellmeister Georg Ratzinger, the 93-year-old brother of the emeritus Pope Benedict XVI.
It would serve the reputation of the Catholic Church greatly if Müller and Ratzinger were to express their deep regret about their own omissions or their then wrong assessment of the events.
The Vatican newspaper "Osservatore Romano", on the other hand, criticised that the coverage of violence among the Cathedral Sparrows was measured with "double standards".
With regard to the attacks in Regensburg, no one doubts that these were "shameful and shameful acts" that should be punished and prevented in the future; however, the "degree of media manipulation" is striking, according to the author Lucetta Scaraffia, historian and member of the Italian National Bioethics Committee.
"The habit of referring to the Catholic Church as the source of all evil is already part of everyday experience and prepares public opinion to consider it normal," writes Scaraffia.
Princess Gloria von Thurn und Taxis also said in an interview with the Bavarian Radio: "People like to go to church and that's a real treat".
She also pointed out that in her youth, "beatings were a perfectly normal pedagogical tool" to "deal with naughty children like myself".
She thinks it is unfair to apply today's standards to earlier decades, because the world has changed.
In connection with the reports about the abuse cases often also Pope Brother Georg Ratzinger appeared.
Completely wrongly, says author and historian Michael Hesemann, who together with Ratzinger wrote the commemorative volume "My Brother the Pope" (translated into 12 languages).
"I must defend Georg Ratzinger", says Hesemann, "because all this had nothing to do with him", he evaluates the results of the final report.
What exactly does it say in the 440-page report presented by the lawyer Ulrich Weber, who was commissioned by the diocese of Regensburg to clarify the matter?
A total of 547 Regensburger Domspatzen were victims of assaults "with high plausibility" between 1945 and the early 1990s, 67 Domspatzen were sexually abused.
In the final report it says about Georg Ratzinger, who was active in Regensburg from 1964 to 1994: "In summary it can be stated that in many cases forms of physical and psychological violence were used by Cathedral Kapellmeister R.
Especially when the emotions were high, the punishment for the students could be more severe.
Nevertheless, in contrast to numerous other accused persons, it is noticeable that many victims appreciated the general humanity of R. and therefore in many cases, despite the violence, even associate positive memories with him".
In an interview, Hesemann explains why he believes that the final report on the abuse scandal involving the Regensburger Domspatzen exonerates Georg Ratzinger.
Mr. Hesemann, the 440-page report on the "incidents of violence against subjects of protection at the Regensburger Domspatzen" gives a contradictory picture of the cathedral conductor Georg Ratzinger.
For one thing, many students emphasize his "humanity".
On the other hand, he also appears as a choleric and perfectionist, who often became violent when a Domspatz did not give a top musical performance.
As his biographer, what do you think of this final report?
Michael Hesemann: If you take the trouble to read the entire 440-page report from front to back, you have to ask yourself why the name Georg Ratzinger is even mentioned in it.
There are just eight pages dedicated to him and he is clearly cleared of any suspicion of complicity or complicity in the horrific cases of sexual abuse.
The violent excesses at the preschool also occurred outside his sphere of influence.
At best, he can be accused of learning about it too late or of not taking initial hints seriously enough.
The Domspatzengymnasium, where he worked, was perceived by practically all those questioned as - so literally - "redemption", "heaven" and "a better world".
The vast majority of his students also give Georg Ratzinger an excellent report card, describing him as "warmhearted", "popular", "sincere", "competent" and "understanding", as an extremely good-natured teacher who regularly supplied the boys with cakes, cookies and sweets and was "always surrounded by grapes from children".
Only a minority complains about his perfectionism and high emotionality, which sometimes led to outbursts of rage.
He himself admitted years ago that he not only banged chairs and threw his bunch of keys on the floor, but also slapped and pulled too cheeky boys by their hair or ears, he deeply regretted and apologized for that.
In his honour, however, it must be said that such educational methods were widespread in the period in question, the 1960s and 1970s, among parents and teachers alike.
Do you also know such methods of corporal punishment?
Of course, I think any of us born before 1968
I too experienced this in a secular school, a state grammar school.
Compared with what this report is actually about, namely the appalling sexual abuse and excesses of violence at pre-school, these are admittedly trifles.
One wonders whether it has not rather to do with his fame and his role as brother of Benedict XVI that many media pounced on him.
Many who have never understood the Bavarian Pope are still working hard on him.
But the truth is: The report relieves Georg Ratzinger in every respect!
In connection with the report there was a lot of media coverage of the subject of abuse among the Regensburger Domspatzen.
Does the final report also accuse Georg Ratzinger of any involvement or complicity in sexual abuse?
Michael Hesemann: Clearly not.
Not a single one of the 67 victims of sexual assault claims to have confided in the Cathedral Kapellmeister.
Not even the parents were in on it.
"I never dared to talk to my father or my mother about it," said one person concerned on behalf of the others, "It was all very embarrassing for me.
The real problem in clearing up sexual abuse was and still is that most victims remain silent out of shame.
If they did not even confide in parents and siblings, then certainly not in a choirmaster, who would have been a colleague of the perpetrators in a professional sense.
How do the Domspatzen students evaluate Ratzinger's role with regard to the cases of abuse?
Michael Hesemann: One of the students questioned put it this way: "With regard to sexual abuse ... I see... no case in which he (Georg Ratzinger) of all people would have had timely knowledge and could have stopped the respective perpetrator.
I think it... it's really absurd to assume that he, of all people. boys have opened up more forcefully or clearly or even earlier than to their parents, boarding school directors, counselors, etc.
Talking to him about sex... - unthinkable."
Thus the report comes to the very clear conclusion: "The fact that pupils and/or their environment confided in him beforehand could not be confirmed during the investigation".
As far as sexual abuse is concerned, Georg Ratzinger is therefore to be acquitted of any complicity.
Thus, he cannot be accused of not having prevented him or brought him to court.
There is therefore no reason to associate his good name with these heinous crimes, as has unfortunately happened in some cases.
In the media there was much talk of "excesses of violence" among the Regensburger Domspatzen.
The former cathedral conductor Georg Ratzinger is accused in the report of "looking away".
Does he have to live with that accusation?
Michael Hesemann: That's the big problem, after all, that in reporting everything was mixed and blended into a huge melange of sexual abuse and excesses of violence and somewhere, in the middle of it all, Georg Ratzinger.
But that is precisely what is again an abuse of the report.
There is a clear separation: between the pre-school and the grammar school of the Domspatzen, between sexual abuse and excesses of violence and, let's say, other accusations.
The report also deals with incidents from the period since 1945, i.e. also from four decades in which Georg Ratzinger was not the choirmaster of the Domspatzen.
The whole terrible pedagogy of beating, the cases in which boys were downright harassed and maltreated by sadistic teachers and suffered terribly from it, all happened at the preschool in Etterzhausen and Pielenhofen, where really scandalous conditions must have prevailed.
But cathedral conductor Georg Ratzinger had nothing to do with them, because he only got to see the boys when they were already at the Domspatzengymnasium.
On this one, as most witnesses emphasize, the topic "pre-school" was taboo.
One was only happy to have escaped it and enjoyed the so much better treatment and for many even "paradisiacal" conditions.
What was different at the Domspatzengymnasium?
Michael Hesemann: There was already discipline, but not sadistic violence.
And this also applies to Georg Ratzinger, for whom the report comes to the conclusion that "many victims appreciated R.'s general humanity and therefore in numerous cases, despite violence, even associate positive memories with him".
So the only thing left is the accusation of having looked away.
But despite all efforts, the report could only define two periods of time in which he was informed about the conditions at the preschool.
The first time was in 1970/71, when he was just beginning to establish himself and did not want to hear anything about what was going on at a school where he was not active and responsible (according to the witness), and then again around 1993.
Did Georg Ratzinger consistently close his ears to the conditions?
Michael Hesemann: No, because already in 1989 he wrote a letter to the director of the Domspatzengymnasium, which the report even reproduces.
In it he points out to the latter "that corporal punishment is still practised in pre-school".
Already in view of the danger of negative press releases he recommended urgent intervention.
This was of course at a time when there was legal clarity, when corporal punishment had long been prohibited in Bavaria as well.
Before that, they occurred in a legal grey area, as each of us probably remember.
It was also difficult for him to assess where those affected had perhaps exaggerated or dramatised and where the permissible limit had really been exceeded.
But you can't say he always looked away either.
That's just not true.
Only in 1980 the corporal punishment at schools was officially abolished in Bavaria.
Princess Gloria von Thurn und Taxis claimed that it was unfair to apply today's educational standards to that time.
What do you think?
Michael Hesemann: We historians talk about the "trap of anachronism", i.e. the danger of evaluating the past according to today's moral standards.
The Princess is right.
But of course this does not apply to sexual abuse, which was abhorrent at all times, nor to what was done to innocent children's souls in preschool in terms of repulsiveness and violence, which already goes far beyond what was usual at that time.
This is all terrible and I am glad that it is finally being dealt with.
But at the same time I have to defend Georg Ratzinger, because all this had nothing to do with him.
His means of disciplining and punishing, i.e. slapping and pulling hair and ears, were widespread in the 1970s.
When corporal punishment was then forbidden, he also strictly adhered to it.
What image of his Regensburg time did Georg Ratzinger give in his talks with you for the book "My Brother the Pope"?
Did the issue of corporal punishment also come up?
Michael Hesemann: Well, the book is about the life of his brother Joseph, Pope Benedict XVI, told from his perspective, the cathedral sparrows only played a minor role.
Nevertheless, I do not hide the fact that he led a strict regiment there.
But this too must be said at some point: Without this perfectionism, without the demand for absolute discipline, it would hardly have been possible for him to form a world-class institution out of the Regensburger Domspatzen, until then nationally known, true cultural ambassadors of Europe and its musical tradition, who toured the USA twice (1983 and 1987) and Japan (1988 and 1991).
Cookies and candy alone do not turn stubborn boys into great singers, and they are facing every success, no matter what the field, but always discipline, passion and self-conquest.
What kind of person did you experience Georg Ratzinger as during the discussions about your book?
Michael Hesemann: Through the work on the book and beyond, I really got to know Georg Ratzinger quite well and experienced him again and again as a wonderful, humorous, kind, deeply religious and good-hearted person, of whom you can't imagine that he could harm even one fly.
I regularly hear how many former cathedral sparrows still keep in regular contact with him, visit him, read to him - he is almost blind - and treat him like a member of their family, 23 years after his retirement.
So those who have not forgiven him to this day for once being strict with them are clearly in the minority.
Most of the cathedral sparrows are grateful to him today for enriching their lives and introducing them to the world of music.
And that he was always a good, fatherly teacher - a strict father, certainly, that may be - but also a lovable and respectful person, whom they still look up to today and whom they almost adore.
And please, once again very clearly: All he is accused of are educational methods that were the order of the day back then.
We can be glad that we have long since overcome this time.
But it is highly unfair to make a man a media scapegoat just because he is prominent and has an even more prominent brother.
The evil intent behind it is all too obvious.
Because the report that has just been published exonerates him.
Now would be the decency to finally leave in peace a 93-year-old man who has earned great merits and without whom no one outside Bavaria and perhaps even Germany would know the Regensburger Domspatzen.
