Gutach: Increased safety for pedestrians
They are not even 100 metres apart: On Tuesday, the new B 33 pedestrian lights in Dorfparkplatz in Gutach became operational - within view of the existing Town Hall traffic lights.
Two sets of lights so close to one another: intentional or just a silly error?
Yesterday, Gutacht's Mayor gave a clear answer to this question.
"At the time, the Town Hall traffic lights were installed because this was a school route," explained Eckert yesterday.
The Kluser lights protect cyclists, as well as those travelling by bus and the residents of Bergle.
The system, which officially became operational yesterday, is of importance to the Sulzbachweg/Kirchstrasse junction.
We have the museum, two churches, the spa gardens, the bus stop, a doctor's practice and a bank, not to mention the traffic from the 'Grub' residential area.
"At times of high road and pedestrian traffic, an additional set of lights were required to ensure safety," said Eckert.
This was also confirmed by Peter Arnold from the Offenburg District Office.
"According to current measurements, around 12,000 vehicles travel through the town of Gutach on the B33 on a daily basis, of which heavy goods traffic accounts for around ten per cent," emphasised Arnold.
Therefore the construction of an additional set of lights was more than necessary: "Here safety comes first, it's that simple," said Arnold.
A total of four road safety inspections were carried out and a roundabout was also considered, however, this idea was rejected on account of the narrowness of the Sulzbachweg/Kirchstrasse junctions.
According to Arnold, every possible test was carried out prior to the selection of the location for the traffic light posts: "Using a goods vehicle loaded with particularly long tree trunks, we also tested whether such vehicles could access the B 33 from the Sulzbachweg without knocking over the traffic light posts".
The traffic light system itself, which cost around EUR 15,000, is the "most modern system that is currently available on the market," explained Arnold.
The system is fitted with coloured LEDs, which are bright enough that drivers can easily see the lights, even when the sun is low in the sky.
And they are also energy-efficient: The older light systems consume around 100 Watts, with the new ones consuming just eight.
There are three sets of lights per direction of travel.
Arnold explained the technology used by the new system: It is fitted with two radar sensors.
If the pedestrian presses the button at the traffic lights, the top radar sensor checks the traffic status.
If the street is clear, the pedestrian obtains a green light immediately, if not, there is a delay of around 15 seconds.
An additional radar sensor checks whether the green phase for the pedestrian can be ended.
"If a group of people or if disabled persons are crossing the street, the green phase is extended, thus ensuring that everyone gets safely across the street," explained Arnold.
Of course, drivers must also play their part and keep their eyes on the road.
Yesterday this was not the case: The light had barely turned green for pedestrians when a luxury vehicle sped through on a red light.
For more than 30 years, Josef Winkler has been writing from the heart, telling of the hardships of his childhood and youth.
The catastrophes of his Catholic village upbringing - the speechlessness, his tendency towards brute force and dulled sexuality, the confinement and lack of joy - all of this has been described many times by the Kaernten-born poet.
The Büchner prizewinner is known primarily as a writer of prose, with theatre texts something of a rarity for him.
In a collage of prose texts For his performance piece, "Wetterleuchten auf der Zungenspitze" (Summer lightning on the tip of your tongue), which can now be seen in Garage X on Petersplatz, Gerhard Fresacher ,creates a collage of prose texts.
The theatre producer has thus combined elements from the autobiographically inspired novel "Der Leibeigene" (1987) [The Bondsman] featuring prose miniatures from "Leichnam, seine Familie belauernd" (2003) [Corpse, stalking his family].
On the predominantly empty stage - with one important requirement: a crumpled sofa, on which cast members allude to copulating and masturbating - the eight-person ensemble work their way through the text material.
However, Director Fresacher seems to have little trust in the text.
The 70-minute performance glosses over the script with a host of director's additions, well-known from the repertoire of post-dramatic theatrical styles.
In particular, the actresses play a major role in the sometimes rather dubious staging.
They are manhandled, their heads held under water, tacked to the wall by their evening gowns.
Wrapped in cellophane or in girdles, they stumble on dangerously high heels across the set, either delivering monologues at the top of their voices or lying completely silent on the stage.
However, the source text makes barely any reference to this intense delivery.
The best moments of the evening is when the singing starts - tracks range from Deep Purple to traditional folk songs.
Only towards the end does the highly charged performance start to wind down, and we see flashes of Winkler's somewhat absurd sense of humour.
A black box in your car?
As America's road planners struggle to find the cash to mend a crumbling highway system, many are beginning to see a solution in a little black box that fits neatly by the dashboard of your car.
The devices, which track every mile a motorist drives and transmit that information to bureaucrats, are at the center of a controversial attempt in Washington and state planning offices to overhaul the outdated system for funding America's major roads.
The usually dull arena of highway planning has suddenly spawned intense debate and colorful alliances.
Libertarians have joined environmental groups in lobbying to allow government to use the little boxes to keep track of the miles you drive, and possibly where you drive them - then use the information to draw up a tax bill.
The tea party is aghast.
The American Civil Liberties Union is deeply concerned, too, raising a variety of privacy issues.
And while Congress can't agree on whether to proceed, several states are not waiting.
They are exploring how, over the next decade, they can move to a system in which drivers pay per mile of road they roll over.
Thousands of motorists have already taken the black boxes, some of which have GPS monitoring, for a test drive.
This really is a must for our nation.
"It is not a matter of something we might choose to do," said Hasan Ikhrata, executive director of the Southern California Assn. of Governments, which is planning for the state to start tracking miles driven by every California motorist by 2025.
There is going to be a change in how we pay these taxes.
The technology is there to do it.
The push comes as the country's Highway Trust Fund, financed with taxes Americans pay at the gas pump, is broke.
Americans don't buy as much gas as they used to.
Cars get many more miles to the gallon.
The federal tax itself, 18.4 cents per gallon, hasn't gone up in 20 years.
Politicians are loath to raise the tax even one penny when gas prices are high.
"The gas tax is just not sustainable," said Lee Munnich, a transportation policy expert at the University of Minnesota.
His state recently put tracking devices on 500 cars to test out a pay-by-mile system.
"This works out as the most logical alternative over the long term," he said.
Wonks call it a mileage-based user fee.
It is no surprise that the idea appeals to urban liberals, as the taxes could be rigged to change driving patterns in ways that could help reduce congestion and greenhouse gases, for example.
California planners are looking to the system as they devise strategies to meet the goals laid out in the state's ambitious global warming laws.
But Rep. Bill Shuster (R-Pa.), chairman of the House Transportation Committee, has said he, too, sees it as the most viable long-term alternative.
The free marketeers at the Reason Foundation are also fond of having drivers pay per mile.
"This is not just a tax going into a black hole," said Adrian Moore, vice president of policy at Reason.
People are paying more directly into what they are getting.
The movement is also bolstered by two former U.S. Transportation secretaries, who in a 2011 report urged Congress to move in the pay-per-mile direction.
The U.S. Senate approved a $90-million pilot project last year that would have involved about 10,000 cars.
But the House leadership killed the proposal, acting on concerns of rural lawmakers representing constituents whose daily lives often involve logging lots of miles to get to work or into town.
Several states and cities are nonetheless moving ahead on their own.
The most eager is Oregon, which is enlisting 5,000 drivers in the country's biggest experiment.
Those drivers will soon pay the mileage fees instead of gas taxes to the state.
Nevada has already completed a pilot.
New York City is looking into one.
Illinois is trying it on a limited basis with trucks.
And the I-95 Coalition, which includes 17 state transportation departments along the Eastern Seaboard (including Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida), is studying how they could go about implementing the change.
The concept is not a universal hit.
In Nevada, where about 50 volunteers' cars were equipped with the devices not long ago, drivers were uneasy about the government being able to monitor their every move.
"Concerns about Big Brother and those sorts of things were a major problem," said Alauddin Khan, who directs strategic and performance management at the Nevada Department of Transportation.
It was not something people wanted.
As the trial got underway, the ACLU of Nevada warned on its website: "It would be fairly easy to turn these devices into full-fledged tracking devices."
There is no need to build an enormous, unwieldy technological infrastructure that will inevitably be expanded to keep records of individuals' everyday comings and goings.
Nevada is among several states now scrambling to find affordable technology that would allow the state to keep track of how many miles a car is being driven, but not exactly where and at what time.
If you can do that, Khan said, the public gets more comfortable.
The hunt for that technology has led some state agencies to a small California startup called True Mileage.
The firm was not originally in the business of helping states tax drivers.
It was seeking to break into an emerging market in auto insurance, in which drivers would pay based on their mileage.
But the devices it is testing appeal to highway planners because they don't use GPS and deliver a limited amount of information, uploaded periodically by modem.
"People will be more willing to do this if you do not track their speed and you do not track their location," said Ryan Morrison, chief executive of True Mileage.
There have been some big mistakes in some of these state pilot programs.
There are a lot less expensive and less intrusive ways to do this.
In Oregon, planners are experimenting with giving drivers different choices.
They can choose a device with or without GPS.
Or they can choose not to have a device at all, opting instead to pay a flat fee based on the average number of miles driven by all state residents.
Other places are hoping to sell the concept to a wary public by having the devices do more, not less.
In New York City, transportation officials are seeking to develop a taxing device that would also be equipped to pay parking meter fees, provide "pay-as-you-drive" insurance, and create a pool of real-time speed data from other drivers that motorists could use to avoid traffic.
"Motorists would be attracted to participate because of the value of the benefits it offers to them," says a city planning document.
Some transportation planners, though, wonder if all the talk about paying by the mile is just a giant distraction.
At the Metropolitan Transportation Commission in the San Francisco Bay Area, officials say Congress could very simply deal with the bankrupt Highway Trust Fund by raising gas taxes.
An extra one-time or annual levy could be imposed on drivers of hybrids and others whose vehicles don't use much gas, so they pay their fair share.
"There is no need for radical surgery when all you need to do is take an aspirin," said Randy Rentschler, the commission's director of legislation and public affairs.
If we do this, hundreds of millions of drivers will be concerned about their privacy and a host of other things.
Königsfeld: Small team gives a spirited performance
The voluntary fire service bravely came through the main autumn test run in spite of a lack of personnel.
Only eleven men took part in the exercise.
For the training exercise, department commander, Hans Kammerer, chose the Feder premises on Burgberger Strasse.
A short-circuit was reported to have occurred there during sawing.
Two people were injured by the resulting fire and the spread of smoke, however, one was able to make an emergency call.
Two fire fighters equipped with respiratory gear prepared to enter the building following the initial inspection of the situation by Hans Kammerer.
After a short time they managed to find the first person and direct them out of the building.
The second person had to be carried.
This was not so simple as they also had to negotiate a narrow stairwell.
The building, a workshop with integrated stabling for two horses, was not easy to secure.
There were large quantities of wood and bales of straw stored inside.
In addition to this, there were also electrical machines for wood processing.
The first attempt to extinguish the fire was made using the tank on the fire engine.
Another line was taken from the surface hydrant around 100 metres away.
Only three attempts could be made to extinguish the blaze.
A hollow-stream nozzle in the building was also used.
For Hans Kammerer, the exercise was also a chance to show what can be achieved with just a few available staff.
In case of emergency, support is provided by the Königsfeld daytime task force.
The Commander expressed his satisfaction following the exercise.
Networking between universities and companies is important
On a visit to the district of Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, it was explained to Parliamentary President Guido Wolf in Titisee-Neustadt where the workforce of tomorrow will come from.
In the Hochschwarzwald Support Centre, he addressed this important question alongside the executive principals of the vocational colleges and the district grammar school and the chairs of the parents' council.
"Education is an important factor for the location," highlighted Claudia Stehle, Director of the Hans Thoma School, which introduced the networked Hochschwarzwald Education Centre Schools Project.
During the presentation, Wolf seemed impressed by the educational pilot project.
Since 2011, there has been successful collaboration in Wälderstadt between the Support Centre, the District Grammar School and the Vocational School Complex.
He also praised the family-friendly approach within the district.
"It is important, not only to keep the family life stage in mind, but, on account of demographic change, the period spent providing long-term care and support for relatives as well," explained Wolf.
He also stated that an increasing number of employed persons are looking after the long-term care and support of relatives.
"Without support from their employer, the resulting burden placed on employees could result in the termination of the employment contract," said Wolf.
However, nobody can afford to lose qualified workers," he added.
Another, particularly important factor is that of networking between universities and companies.
"After all, people who have learned of the merits of the region during their studies often remain within the region, along with their acquired knowledge and skills, which contributes to the strengthening of the region," said the State Parliamentary President, expressing his thorough conviction.
For it is only if a sufficient number of educational places can be provided that the need for skilled workers can be covered.
In his opinion, the district's advantage as a location is its advantageous location in south-west Germany, in immediate proximity to France and Switzerland.
In addition to this, on his train journey from Titisee-Neustadt to Freiburg, he experienced first-hand the efforts already undertaken to develop public transport.
"You must continue to be tenacious and make sure that local public transport becomes even better," he explained in the address given to the local politicians in attendance.
Music makes for an entertaining afternoon
It was 15 years ago that the Kaul family first invited the Dietingen senior citizens for coffee and cake, followed by a snack.
Previously, the elderly citizens were hosted in the service station canteen.
The coffee afternoon is now held in the St. Josef nursing home.
The residents of the home were delighted with the delicious cakes and tarts.
Later on, a sausage salad was provided.
Silvia Kimmich-Bantle and her father Karl Kimmich entertained those in attendance with popular tunes.
The more than 100-year-old natural stone wall, serving as the foremost boundary between the old school yard - which is due to be renovated - and Kirchstrasse, will once again feature on the renovation cost plan for the town of Bräunlingen.
In the days before the Kilbig Autumn Folk Festival, when the first renovation work was being carried out at the front of the school yard, a small corner wall with balustrades was installed to stabilise and relieve the static load on the old natural stone wall, which is more than one hundred years old.
According to Alexander Misok of the Bräunlingen Municipal Planning and Building Control Authority, the ongoing procedure plans to involve the Regional Memorial Authority in the planning stage and to draw up a renovation concept for the old wall.
A cost calculation is to be performed by a team of professionals, which will then be submitted to the Town Council, which will make a decision and determine the ongoing procedure.
A decision is expected to be made in the coming year.
Following the renovation, plastering and planting of trees in the old internal school yard, within the two wings of the 1912 school, as a subsequent measure the boundary wall, which is in need of refurbishment, must be renovated from the ground up within the foreseeable future.
The historic, one hundred-year-old boundary wall between the old school-yard and Kirchstrasse is in need of renovation, primarily as a result of water and frost damage, on account of the lack of drainage, and is leaning forwards.
Deep cracks in a number of individual stones testify to the weather damage, however, at present the wall is not in danger of collapse.
A secure wall is essential for a school yard that is used by pupils, and this is the purpose of the current fortification work.
The school yard renovation was originally planned back in 2008/2009, however, high unplanned expenses meant that the work had to be pushed back.
The Regional Memorial Authority will have a major say in the historic school wall renovation, which has even been used for filming.
If this authority were to impose requirements, then the town of Bräunlingen would hope to receive subsidies from the monument preservationists.
The pupils of the Bräunlingen Primary School, who are now being taught in a well renovated old school building, with a new hall, will soon be able to use the old school yard as well.
Özdemir wants jazz training in Stuttgart
Cem Özdemir, Federal Chairman of the Green Party, has now engaged in the ongoing discussions regarding the future of the Baden-Wuerttemberg Music Academy.
"I do not think it is right to abandon comprehensive training in the Stuttgart Music College," said Özdemir, speaking to the "Stuttgarter Nachrichten".
Jazz and classical music belong together at the jazz location of Stuttgart.
As such, Özdemir, who is the favourite in Stuttgart for a direct mandate in the parliamentary elections on 22 September, is in disagreement with the Green-Red State Government.
On the basis of an expert study, this government is urging the reorganisation of the five music colleges in Baden-Wuerttemberg.
In accordance with these plans, the jazz and pop courses, among others, are to be relocated from the Stuttgart Music College to the Mannheim Music College.
US borders: "Super tunnel" for drug smuggling discovered
On the border between Mexico and the USA, investigators have discovered and shut down a "super tunnel" intended for drug smuggling.
As announced by the US Customs Authorities, the pipe between Tijuana and San Diego, measuring more than 500 metres in length, was equipped with electricity, a railway track and a ventilation system.
Three suspects were detained in relation to the discovery, with eight tonnes of marijuana and almost 150 kilograms of cocaine seized.
According to the details provided, the tunnel had not yet been put into use.
"These cartels are stupid if they think that they can dig through under the radar," said the US Attorney for the District of Southern California, Laura Diffy, at a press conference held in front of a warehouse in San Diego, where the end of the tunnel was discovered.
Referring to the drug gangs, Duffy assured: "If you continue to build and attempt to use these tunnels, we are determined to make this a big waste of your dirty money".
Both the US authorities and the Mexican security forces are engaged in an ongoing battle against the drug cartels.
Since 2006, more than 77,000 people have been killed in conjunction with drug crime in Mexico.
Built by experts
Due to the elaborate configuration of the tunnel, investigators are working on the assumption that it was build by architects and engineers and that the construction took around one year.
The railway system was equipped in such a way that electrically powered carts could be used on it.
On the Mexican side, the entrance is located in a building located 80 metres from the border.
According to the authorities, a ladder runs 20 metres underground to the actual entrance of the tunnel.
The tunnel has a cross-section measuring 1.20 metres high and 90 centimetres across.
It would thus be suitable to assist illegal immigration into the USA.
Two of the suspects were detained in conjunction with the cocaine find.
The third, a Mexican, was detained due to the seizure of the marijuana.
All three face a maximum penalty of life imprisonment, according to the authorities.
Since 2006, eight tunnels of this type have been discovered, the press conference in San Diego continued.
However, this was the first time that cocaine was found in such a tunnel construction.
Normally cocaine is smuggled in smaller quantities and not through tunnels.
This shows the "desperation" of the drug gangs, whose traditional routes have now been cut off, said Bill Sherman of the DEA Drug Squad in San Diego.
They will do anything to make it to the USA.
No specific details were given regarding those detained, but it is reported that at least one is Mexican
They can expect prison terms of up to ten years.
2014 is to be a year of celebration in Geisingen
The anniversary celebrations in the town of Geisingen, to mark the 1,250th
anniversary of the first documented mention of the town, are drawing closer.
When the year comes to an end in just eight weeks, the anniversary year will be upon us.
Geisingen and Kirchen-Hausen were first documented together in the year 794.
A deed was drafted in Kirchen, in which both towns are mentioned.
On 15 March, the anniversary year will be officially launched, and because Geisingen currently has no suitable venues, this launch event will take place in the location where the two towns were first documented 1,250 years ago, in Kirchen-Hausen.
As part of the anniversary celebrations, a number of events are planned both in Geisingen and Kirchen-Hausen.
Kirchen-Hausen will celebrate the 1,250th anniversary with a celebratory weekend from 18 to 20
July.
On the Friday there will be a ceremony, and on the Saturday and Sunday a party will be held at the Kirchtalhalle.
The Kirchen-Hausen Kirchenfest festival will also be held on this celebratory weekend.
Town Musical Director, Rudolf Barth, has composed a commissioned piece for the town on the occasion of the anniversary, which will be performed on three dates.
On 21 June, in conjunction with the Schwarzwaldverein [Black Forest Association] Mid-Summer Festival, on 12 July in the Arena, accompanied by fireworks, and on 13 December as the first concert put on by the Stadtmusik (Town Musical Society) in the new Festival Hall.
This venue will be completed and inaugurated in the anniversary year, with the official date set for the last weekend in September, on 27 and 28 September.
On the occasion of the Geisingen town anniversary, a new chronicle will also be published.
"However, it will not merely be a chronicle of Geisingen itself, but rather a printed work on the Geisingen of today, which now consists of Geisingen, Kirchen-Hausen, Leipferdingen, Aulfingen and Gutmadingen," said Mayor Walter Hengstler.
And the Geisingen of today is also celebrating a birthday in 2014, as it was in 1974 that the incorporations to form the current region were completed.
The new chronicle is to be presented on 21 or 22 November in the new Festival Hall in Geisingen.
However, 2014 is also a year of many anniversaries in other respects.
The Narrenzunft Strohglonki (Strohglonki Fool's Guild celebration) begins on 8 February with an evening of traditional customs on the occasion of its 60-year anniversary/ The Harmonie Gutmadingen music association will turn 90 years old and on 29 March will hold a celebratory banquet and then from 1 to 4 May will be celebrating the Bezirksfest [District Music Festival].
The Leipferdingen Nursing Home will turn 40 years old, the Geisingen School has now been at its new location for 50 years and will be celebrating this on 10 May, and the Polyhymnia Leipferdingen music association will turn 150 years old and will be celebrating this as part of the Brunnenfest [Fountain Festival] from 4 to 7 July.
The town of Geisingen was first officially documented in the year 764, in a deed of donation, which is now in the possession of the St. Gallen Monastery.
The deed was drawn up in Kirchen (Hausen), which at the time was the location of the courthouse.
Both communities are thus mentioned in the same deed.
One reason for choosing 2014 to celebrate the 1,250-year anniversary in this way, is that it also coincides with the 40th anniversary of the Community Reform (Gemeindereform).
Council sets its sights on rail system
Should the "Am Hirschen" railway crossing be reconstructed at great cost, in order to increase traffic safety?
The Town Councils have decided that the answer is yes.
Schiltach will have to contribute up to EUR 220,000 to the project.
The Deutsche Bahn hopes to improve the Kinzigtal railway line in the coming year.
In particular, safety at railway crossings is to be increased - collisions between trains and other vehicles frequently occur at these across the country.
If the municipalities agree to the reconstruction measures, they will be required to contribute one third of the costs, with the remainder divided between Deutsche Bahn and the Federal Government.
Schiltach's town master mason, Roland Grießhaber, explained the peculiarities of the "Am Hirschen" railway crossing to the Town Council.
At the crossing, the town is planning to increase the height of the mouth of the tunnel to the west of the railway line.
Larger vehicles, for example those that transport long logs, would be able to wait there in the event of oncoming traffic, without having to block the railway line.
Grießhaber therefore suggested that a required supporting wall be constructed in such a way that the town could in due course widen the adjoining street in order to guarantee the smooth flow of traffic.
This was the subject of controversial discussion in the Town Council, as some council members cast doubt over the need to widen the road: Thomas Kipp summarised the perspective of the critics with this statement: "Do we have to hand over so much money on account of so few vehicles?"
Mayor Thomas Haas retorted: The "Hirschen" railway crossing is used regularly for the transportation of long logs.
Even wood from the "Kuhbach" area is occasionally transported via this route, as the vehicles, which measure 20 metres in length, would not be able to use the route via the Häberles Bridge, as they would not be able to make the turn on the Hauptstrasse.
Furthermore, when the Hauptstrasse is blocked, the route would also serve as a bypass for those vehicles that are not permitted to use the tunnel, argued Haas.
Given that it is likely that the Kirchberg and Schlossberg tunnel will have to be reconstructed and renovated, as is currently the case in Wolfach, the "Am Hirschen" railway crossing may become of major traffic significance for a longer period of time.
The councillors agreed to have an investigation conducted as to what costs the planned widening of the road would incur.
Nevertheless, the reconstruction of the railway crossing was consented to by a majority, on the provision that the required supporting wall be built in such a way that the town could, if required, extend the connecting road in the "Bahnhofstraße" direction to around 5.5 metres to accommodate oncoming traffic.
The reconstruction of the railway crossing at the Trautwein tannery could, on the other hand, bring with it an entirely different problem with regard to access to the steep "Geroltzhäuser Weg".
The Administrative Department had Deutsche Bahn's reconstruction plans investigated by the Breinlinger Engineering Office, as they had doubts as to whether the planned connection of the Geroltzhäuser Weg will be straightforward.
The investigation came to the conclusion that it could not be ruled out that the inclination of the road could result in longer vehicles becoming stuck.
The town, as the authority responsible for road construction, would then bear responsibility for this.
The reconstruction could therefore result in liability disputes.
Because both the transportation of wood and turning are both possible as things are, the reconstruction of the railway crossing should not be consented to, argued Haas.
At this point, the risk of a train collision with a vehicle positioned on the crossing is considerably lower than at other railway crossings, on account of the fact that there is a midpoint from which there is a good line of sight, directly alongside the stopping point.
The trains themselves, coming from the central station, must also be sufficiently slowed down so that there is no threat of collision.
According to the councillors, the reconstruction of this railway line was rejected by a majority, as the town of Schiltach would "bear the brunt of the cost" for the problem of vehicles becoming stuck, since the Deutsche Bahn would be able to deny any responsibility following the completion of the construction work.
The committee considers the reconstruction of the "Vor Heubach" and 'Vor Kuhbach" railway crossings, for which the crossing agreements have already been reached with Deutsche Bahn, to be unproblematic.
ESA makes decision on major space missions: Missions costing billions
Distant planets, gravitational waves or black holes - experts from the European Space Agency must now agree on two major projects that are to be launched in the coming years.
There were 30 proposals to choose from, five of which are still in the running.
Distant worlds.
Astronomers have already found more than 1,000 planets near other stars.
Whether or not life exists on at least some of these, no-one knows.
The choice is a difficult one: Should we search for gravitational waves?
Or instead conduct research into the origin of the cosmos?
Or search for planets similar to the Earth and thus perhaps discover extraterrestrial life?
These are the questions currently being asked by those responsible at the European Space Agency, ESA.
For their "Cosmic Vision" programme, they are looking for ideas for two major space projects, which should greatly advance research.
The budget for "L-Missions" such as this lies at around one billion Euro.
The projects are planned to start in 2028 and 2034.
At the beginning of September, the elite in the field of European space research met in Paris to discuss proposals for such missions.
30 ideas were up for debate, of which five have now made it onto the short list.
Numerous panels are assessing the proposals, posing questions to the researchers.
Over the coming days, a final decision is to be made by the Scientific Programme Committee.
In total, four main questions were chosen by the ESA, to which the missions of the "Cosmic Vision" programme, initiated in 2007, are to find the answers.
What are the conditions required for the formation of planets and life?
The precise processes for the formation of stars from large gas clouds - and thus the formation of the planets that orbit these stars - lie in proverbial darkness.
A large infra-red telescope in space could penetrate this darkness.
And if a star has planets, under what circumstances can life exist there?
In order to pursue this question, the "Cheops" space telescope is to be launched in 2017, with which 500 known planetary systems in proximity to us will be investigated in greater detail.
The possibilities are, however, limited - Cheops is a small mission with a budget of 150 million Euro.
With larger instruments, astronomers could map planets similar to Earth and even analyse the composition of their atmospheres, and thus search for "biomarkers": gases that serve as an indicator for biological activity.
How does the solar system function?
This question should also provide information regarding the preconditions for the origins of life.
The magnetic activity of a star, the interaction of its magnetic field and the emitted particle radiation play an important role.
It is possible to investigate these processes in our solar system, to serve as an example to be applied elsewhere.
With the "Solar Orbiter", the ESA has already approved an M-class mission (for which the budget stands at around half a million Euro) to address this matter.
The probe is to be launched in 2017 and will closely observe the surface and activity of the sun.
Jupiter and its moons are also of great interest to the researchers.
They want to find our what role the giant planet has played in the development of the solar system.
The ESA is planning that the first of the total of three L-Missions of the "Cosmic Vision" programme will address this subject.
The "Juice" (Jupiter Icy Moons Explorer) probe is planned to begin its journey in 2022.
Eight years later it will reach Jupiter and will investigate the atmosphere of the planet as well as the icy moons Europa, Callisto and Ganymede.
What are the basic physical laws of the Universe?
Outer space offers many possibilities for studying substances under extreme conditions and thus examining whether the laws of nature, as known to us, are still valid there.
There may also be deviations that could show physicians the path to a new theory, under the umbrella of which all known natural laws could be united.
How did the universe come about and what does it consist of?
13.7 billion years ago, our cosmos was created by the Big Bang.
Alongside the materials familiar to us, from which stars, planets and life forms such as ourselves are composed, there exists dark matter, the gravitational force of which holds galaxies and galaxy clusters together, and dark energy, the effects of which accelerate the expansion of the universe.
Thus far, researchers know neither which physical laws applied in the initial moments after the Big Bang, nor what dark matter and dark energy consist of.
With "Euclid", the ESA has already approved an M-mission, planned to commence in 2020.
With a special telescope, the probe is to examine the distribution of material in the universe across the entire sky, thus enabling conclusions to be drawn regarding the properties of dark matter and dark energy.
Proposals that are in the running...
Of the 30 proposals, only two will remain at the end of the selection procedure.
The proposal with the best chance of approval as an L-mission, in the opinion of many experts, is "E-Lisa", a demanding concept that aims to prove the existence of gravitational waves.
Many physicians perceive this to entail changes in the structure of space-time, which Albert Einstein predicted almost 100 years ago.
To date they have never been proved to exist.
The scientists behind the project hope that Elisa could achieve this.
The mission involves placing a detector, consisting of two or three probes, in outer space.
Unlike systems on Earth, it could also prove gravitational waves created during the Big Bang, and thus provide fresh knowledge regarding the origin of the cosmos.
Four other proposals are still competing for the second L-mission place: a large X-ray telescope called "Athena", which among other things would research black holes, "Icy Planets", another mission to the outer planets of the solar system, "prism", a mission for the measurement of cosmic background radiation, and the "Exoplanet Finder", which would find and investigate planets similar to Earth.
Among others, proposals that have already been ruled out include proposals for bringing samples back from Mars, conducting research on the moon, Venus and asteroids, as well as proposals in the area of solar physics.
Snowden ready to "cooperate" with Germany over US surveillance
Edward Snowden, the US intelligence whistleblower, has declared that he is willing to travel to Berlin to give evidence to the German parliament if the US National Security Agency and its director Keith Alexander fail to provide answers about its activities.
German MP Hans-Christian Ströbele on Thursday met Mr Snowden in Russia, where he has been granted asylum, to discuss him testifying in Germany.
A letter from Mr Snowden, presented to the media in Berlin on Friday by the MP, said: "Though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat dissent as defection, and seeks to criminalise political speech with felony charges that provide no defence."
However, speaking the truth is not a crime.
In the letter, Mr Snowden said he believed the support of the international community could persuade the US government to abandon criminal charges against him.
The charges filed by the US justice department include espionage and theft of government property.
Hans-Peter Friedrich, German interior minister, told Zeit Online: "If Mr Snowden is ready to speak to German officials, we will find ways to make this possible."
Relations between the US and Germany have come under strain following claims that the NSA bugged Chancellor Angela's Merkel's phone.
Thomas Oppermann, the MP who heads the parliamentary panel that oversees intelligence, said that if there were an opportunity to hear Mr Snowden as a witness "without bringing him into danger and completely ruining relations with the US," it should be taken.
Mr Ströbele, an MP for Germany's Green party, published a picture of himself with Mr Snowden on his Twitter feed.
He was accompanied on his visit to Russia by two German journalists.
Mr Ströbele said that, according to the former NSA contractor's lawyer, Mr Snowden would not be able to return to Russia if he left.
If Mr Snowden testified in Germany he would need assurances that he would be "safe" there, the MP said.
Mr Snowden said in his letter that he had faced a "severe and sustained" campaign of persecution that forced him from his home.
However he said that he was heartened by the worldwide response to "my act of political expression."
Citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the United States - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service.
The letter extends an offer to cooperate with German authorities "when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved."
Frontier Airlines to charge for carry-on baggage
Frontier Airlines plans to charge up to $100 for passengers to store carry-on luggage on board their flight.
Frontier Airlines plans to start charging up to $100 for a carry-on bag and $2 for coffee or soda, although its announcement on Wednesday did say that passengers will get to keep the whole can.
The new carry-on fee is for bags in the overhead bin, so small bags under the seat will still be free.
Frontier said it will charge $25 if the fee is paid in advance, $100 if travelers wait to pay until they're at the gate.
Frontier spokeswoman Kate O'Malley said the $100 fee is to get travelers to take care of the charge in advance.
"We don't want to charge that," she said.
Airlines began charging for the first and second checked bags in 2008.
Passengers trying to avoid those fees have been stuffing as much as they can into carry-on baggage stashed in overhead bins, meaning those bins often run out of space.
Fees are one way to get passengers to bring less on board.
O'Malley said the new charge is not really about raising money.
It's about Frontier's most loyal customers making it very clear that finding overhead bin space has become increasingly difficult.
Passengers who buy their tickets on the airline's website won't have to pay.
That means one passenger in line at a Frontier gate might get to bring a bag on for free, while the next person in line might owe $100 for a similar bag.
O'Malley said Frontier's website and check-in procedures are being changed to make sure passengers know about the fee before they get to the gate.
Frontier's new carry-on fee won't start until summer, though a date hasn't been set.
Passengers often grumble about baggage charges and other fees, but airlines love them.
They argue that luggage costs money to handle, and passengers who want the service should pay for it.
Many on Wall Street view the addition of baggage fees as a sign that airlines are charging enough money to cover the cost of air travel after years of losses.
Most haven't touched carry-on bag fees, though.
Spirit Airlines Inc. started the first carry-on fee three years ago, and fellow discounter Allegiant Air later followed.
The only other airline with such a fee is Hungary's Wizz Air, said airline consultant Jay Sorensen, who closely tracks add-on fees.
He estimated in a December 2011 report that Spirit's carry-on fee brings in $50 million a year.
Sorensen, a former executive with Midwest Airlines, flew Spirit recently and wondered what he'd find at the gate as passengers encountered Spirit's unusual carry-on bag fee.
"The boarding process was the smoothest I had seen in my airline career," he said.
I was expecting to see gnashing of teeth and a fight breaking out at the gate.
The plane was full, he said, "and it boarded lickety-split."
Frontier is also following Spirit's $2 charge for coffee, tea, soda, or juice.
Frontier said passengers who get soda or juice can keep the whole can, and it will give coffee refills for free.
It will still give away water.
US Airways briefly tried charging for beverages in 2008 but backed down seven months later after passengers complained and no other major airline followed.
Frontier's move to charge the carry-on fee if passengers don't buy direct from the airline is its latest effort to steer customers toward its own website.
Airlines pay online travel sellers such as Orbitz $10 to $25 for each ticket sold.
That has given all airlines an incentive to steer passengers to buy directly from them instead of going through an online travel agency.
Frontier has gone the furthest in this area, though.
In September it began giving half as many frequent flier miles to customers who bought through an online travel agency.
On Wednesday it slashed the mileage award to 25 percent of the miles of the trip.
So, a 1,000 mile Frontier trip purchased from an online travel agency would earn 250 miles.
It also allows passengers to choose their seat in advance only if they buy directly from the Frontier website.
Frontier has a loyal base of customers in its home city of Denver, but its business is shrinking and losing money.
Revenue dropped 9 percent and its flying capacity shrank almost 13 percent in the first quarter, according to financial results released Wednesday by corporate parent Republic Airways Holdings Inc.
Republic has been trying to fix Frontier's finances as part of selling the airline.
Sayings come from the Bible
At least 40 women attended the last women's breakfast of the year, in the Evangelical Parish of Bisingen.
The theme of the day in the parish hall was "Sayings from the Bible" and "Expressions from the Middle Ages".
Zita Köhler, the Chairperson of the Parish Council, agreed to give a talk on Biblical proverbs after breakfast.
"Proverbs contain pearls of wisdom, commandments or warnings," she explained.
She compared several German sayings with the corresponding Bible verses and explained the meaning.
She referred to sayings such as: "Holzauge sei wachsam" (keep your eyes peeled), "wie Schuppen von den Augen fallen" (like scales falling from one's eyes), "ein Auge auf jemand werfen" (to cast an eye on someone), "den Seinen gibt's der Herr im Schlaf" (good things come to some when they sleep) and "seine Hände in Unschuld waschen" (to wash one's hands of something).
On several occasions, the speaker asked those listening to guess what proverb they were based on.
Expressions from the Middle Ages were addressed by Parish Councillor Christel Dehner: "Aller guten Dinge sind drei" (All good things come in threes), "blau machen" (to skip school/work), "etwas verhauen" (to wallop something).
She explained the meaning and origin of the expressions, which she referred to as "bridges to the past".
To round off the morning there was a tombola.
The prizes were placed, covered, on a table and were humorously paraphrased prior to being presented to the winners.
Mayoral candidate Roman Waizenegger was also to be found among the visitors to the joint breakfast.
Learning rather than unemployment: Tourism pilot project for the untrained
A pilot project for the tourist industry is being launched today in the Mecklenburg lake district.
Under the management of the Federal Employment Agency, 49 men and women who are already working within the industry as untrained workers, will be trained as qualified hotel and restaurant staff over the course of three winters.
"What's innovative about it is that the six-month courses end with diplomas," said Carmen Wiechert of the Neubrandenburg Employment Agency.
There are many benefits: The participants will not be unemployed, the companies receive trained skilled workers, which are in continually increasing demand in hotels and restaurants, and the agency will not have to fund unemployment.
Also involved in the project are the Chamber of Industry and Commerce in Neubrandenburg and the German Hotel and Restaurant Association (Deutsche Hotel- und Gaststätte, Dehoga) of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.
NSA Blames "Internal Error," Not Hackers, For Website Crash
The shadowy National Security Agency said late Friday that it was a glitch that brought down its public website for a few hours, not hackers as some claimed online.
"NSA.gov was not accessible for several hours tonight because of an internal error that occurred during a scheduled update," the spy agency said in an emailed statement.
The issue will be resolved this evening.
Claims that the outage was caused by a distributed denial of service [DDoS] attack are not true.
Earlier this evening online server trackers noted the NSA's website had been down for at least six hours, and the site continues to be inaccessible for some users.
Earlier an NSA spokesperson told ABC News the agency's internal, sensitive network was "not at all" compromised.
No classified information is in danger, the spokesperson said.
At least one hacktivist group online claimed that they were responsible for bringing down the NSA site with a DDoS attack.
DDoS attacks are designed to flood a target website with traffic until the servers are overloaded and the site collapses.
The cyber tactic is a relatively unsophisticated one and the attacks are not meant to penetrate the internal network of the target system.
The formerly super secretive NSA, once nicknamed No Such Agency, has found itself in very public light, and amid vicious criticism, in past months following a stream of revelations about is vast foreign and domestic surveillance programs - collectively the product of secret NSA files stolen from the agency and leaked by disenchanted former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Such growing controversy surrounding the agency prompted early speculation that tonight's incident was the result of a targeted cyber operation.
In October, the number of jobless fell slightly by 22, to a total of 1,307.
The rate of 3.1 per cent is indeed better than the previous year and is also better than in September, "however, we had hoped for more," said Monika Felder-Bauer, acting branch manager of the Employment Agency in Sonthofen.
Several companies have thus far reacted cautiously when it comes to hiring.
Stating a reason for this, Felder-Bauer said: "We have barely any skilled workers in the fields of skilled crafts and trades, healthcare and geriatric care."
Seasonal job offers for staff in hotel and restaurant businesses have been coming in since September.
The Winter season within the industry begins in mid-December.
The complete background report on this can be found in the "Allgäuer Anzeigeblatt" newspaper dated 31/10/2013 (page 33).
Bombardier profit dips as plane deliveries, orders fall
Canadian plane and train maker Bombardier Inc reported a 15 percent fall in net profit on Thursday, pressured by fewer aircraft orders and deliveries in the third quarter and contract issues in its train unit.
Montreal-based Bombardier also did not release any flight test data for its brand-new CSeries aircraft or offer an update on whether the plane will meet its ambitious schedule of going into commercial service by next September.
After the test plane's inaugural flight about a month and a half ago, it has only flown three more times, raising questions over whether the testing phase is on track.
Results fell short of forecasts and sent shares sliding more than 8 percent on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Cameron Doerksen, an analyst with National Bank Financial, lowered his rating to "sector perform" from "outperform" on Thursday with the view that the stock has limited upside over the next one or two quarters.
"While the weaker aircraft deliveries were mostly anticipated, we are clearly disappointed by the margin performance in transportation," Doerksen said in a client note.
We believe that Bombardier will receive new orders for the CSeries as the flight test program progresses.
However, if no new orders are announced in the coming months, we suspect that the market will become more skeptical of the program.
Bombardier hopes the CSeries aircraft family can catapult it into the low end of a market now dominated by Boeing and Airbus.
The first test plane was unveiled in March and took flight for the first time in September after months of delays.
But firm orders for the CSeries are moderate so far at 177 as potential buyers wait for flight test results to validate the company's claims about the new jetliner's fuel efficiency and cost savings potential.
There are currently 403 total orders and commitments with 15 customers and operators.
Chief Executive Officer Pierre Beaudoin was confident Bombardier would meet its 300 firm order target by the time the first jet is put into commercial use.
Executives also reassured analysts and media on Thursday the program was progressing according to schedule.
"The test plane didn't stay on the ground longer than anticipated," Beaudoin said in a conference call, adding that ground tests and software updates were scheduled during the plane's downtime.
Every manufacturer schedules it in a different way.
We had decided to do a first flight and to do an update period and that's what we have done.
That will happen all through the flight program.
The second of five test planes is expected to take flight in the coming weeks, with the remainder following shortly after, the company said.
Still, analysts are skeptical the first customer can begin operating a CSeries plane 12 months after its maiden flight.
Bombardier said it was evaluating the entry-into-service (EIS) schedule and will provide an update in the next few months.
"This slow pace of flight testing - although in line with Bombardier's internal schedule apparently - reinforces our view that entry-into-service will be pushed to Q1/15," said Doerksen.
For the third quarter ended September 30, Bombardier's net profit fell to $147 million, or 8 cents per share, from $172 million, or 9 cents per share a year earlier.
Adjusted earnings per share were unchanged at 9 cents.
Revenue dipped marginally to $4.1 billion from $4.2 billion.
Analysts had expected earnings of 10 cents per share and revenue of $4.56 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
The world's fourth-largest planemaker said it delivered 45 aircraft during the quarter, down from 57 a year earlier.
Net orders fell to 26 aircraft, from 83.
The backlog in the aerospace division was $32.9 billion as of September 30, unchanged from December 31.
"In aerospace, results were in line with our guidance, but the low order intake and overall market conditions were a disappointment," Beaudoin said.
Aerospace revenue fell 13 percent to $2 billion.
Bombardier, the world's largest trainmaker, said revenue in that division rose nearly 11 percent to $2.1 billion.
The order backlog in the transportation unit was $32.6 billion as of September 30, up marginally from December 31.
The transportation division's margins were affected by execution issues in a few large contracts.
Executives said new guidance would be provided in the fourth quarter.
Shares of Bombardier, which also announced that Google Inc Chief Financial Officer Patrick Pichette would join the board, were down 8.5 percent at C$4.83 in mid afternoon trading on Thursday.
Brazil's Embraer SA, the world's third-largest commercial planemaker and Bombardier's closest rival, reported a 10 percent fall in quarterly profit on Thursday.
USA: Shots fired at Los Angeles Airport
On Friday morning (local time) an unknown suspect fired shots at the LAX Airport.
While the airport management announced via short messaging service Twitter that the shooter is in custody, the "Los Angeles Times" reported that the man is dead.
A member of security staff was also killed.
The media also reported that several people injured.
US President Barack Obama is being kept informed of the situation, said White House spokesperson Jay Carney.
The incident took place in Terminal 3. Eye witnesses reported seeing a shooter with a gun in one of the departure lounges, as was reported by several media.
One traveller told the broadcaster CNN about how many people had sought protection in panic.
Travellers screamed and children cried.
Panic broke out among those waiting, with many hiding behind seats in fear.
An employee of the "Los Angeles Times" who was travelling at the time told of how he had heard two shots fired.
An employee of security company TSA suffered a gunshot wound to the foot.
The scene was "like something out of a movie".
The man reported that he was then himself taken to a safety area.
The shots were said to have been fired near a security inspection area.
Airport building evacuated
Television footage revealed how numerous ambulances and police cars arrived at a terminal.
One hundred people were brought out of the building to safety.
Users on Twitter published photos of a SWAT officer and a weapon lying on the ground.
According to a message shared by the airport management via twitter, the incident began at 9.30 am (local time).
The access roads were blocked off, which, according to CNN, caused long tailbacks.
Except for the landing of arrival aircraft, flight traffic was temporarily suspended, it was reported.
However, several planes could be seen taking off on CNN.
Terminal 3 serves mainly small US airlines.
The Los Angeles LAX airport is one of the largest airports in the USA.
Cocaine-addict lawyer who tipped off Mr Big about police investigation is jailed
Basharat Ditta, 42, would feed information to crime lord Neil Scarbrough
The solicitor feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed
Was given a three-year prison sentence at Liverpool Crown Court
A top defence lawyer who told a drugs Mr Big about a major police investigation, because he feared his secret drug addiction would be exposed, has been jailed for three years.
Basharat Ditta, 42, would feed sensitive intelligence to crime lord Neil Scarbrough about inquiries into his drug trafficking activities after he became compromised by his cocaine habit.
The solicitor, who was nicknamed "Bash" and hailed by criminals as a "top brief," was arrested at his home in 2011 following a police surveillance operation into Scarborough, who he had represented in a previous narcotics trial.
Officers spotted Sarborough, 32, dropping off three bags of cocaine at the lawyer's home in Blackburn, Lancashire, while he was out at a Law Society dinner with colleagues.
Inquiries revealed Ditta was a "regular user" of the Class A drug after tests found traces of cocaine in his hair, on his wallet and on his credit cards.
Over an eight month period between January and August 2011 he sought to illicitly obtain information on the arrests of two men on behalf of Scarborough as well as one of his associates.
All four suspects were being watched by police at the time as part of a major investigation into a heroin and cocaine racket operating across Lancashire, Cumbria, Merseyside, Berkshire and West Yorkshire.
They and 32 other men were later jailed after police seized heroin and cocaine worth £1.5million along with more than £200,000 in cash during a series of raids.
Ditta, 42, fed information to criminals because of fears his cocaine addiction would be exposed
Today at Liverpool Crown Court Ditta, who works at law firm Forbes Solicitors, based in Blackburn, was facing disgrace after being found guilty of two counts of perverting the course of justice following a three week trial at Liverpool Crown Court.
He admitted cocaine possession at an earlier hearing.
The lawyer's downfall came after police investigating Scarborough discovered he had been in regular phone contact with Ditta in February 2011.
Two detectives trailed the suspect and spotted him arriving at Ditta's house in and was seen to place the drugs which had a purity of 60 per cent under the lawyer's bins in a black golf glove.
Soon after the drop off, Scarborough was in regular phone contact with Ditta who had been out at the dinner at the Blackburn Rovers football stadium, Ewood Park.
The lawyer returned home to discover the drugs and there were nine communications between them.
The court heard Ditta was a "regular user" of cocaine after tests found traces of the Class A drug in his hair, wallet and on his credit cards
Ditta was arrested later but denied using cocaine and and said he had been speaking to the suspected dealer because he was his client and argued their discussions were subject to "legal privilege."
During his arrest Ditta picked up his wallet and tried to remove several credit cards but they were all seized and a hair sample was taken fom him.
In a police interview he said he ran an office at his home address as well as work place and clients would call at his house on legal business.
But the court heard he would call major players in the drugs supply chain, some of whom he had previously represented, after key arrests to tell them what detectives knew about them.
Prosecuting, Anne Whyte said: "If anyone should know not to the break the law, it is a criminal solicitor."
Mr Ditta is accused of abusing his position as a criminal solicitor, having become too involved with specific clients.
The relationship we are talking about is not simply a drug dealer, but a drug dealer providing his own lawyer with drugs.
Some of his communications will undoubtedly have been legitimate ones because he was their lawyer.
But this went way beyond the ordinary confines of a lawyer-client relationship.
He thwarted the police's investigation as much as possible to enable them to continue in their criminal activities.
Mr Ditta was not honouring his profession, but dishonouring it.
He got too close to certain clients, in particular Scarborough, and he allowed his independence to be compromised.
Ditta denied wrongdoing and claimed: "If I was a corrupt lawyer, which I am not, and I wanted to feed information to Mr Scarborough, I would not wait 15 hours, I would do it immediately."
But after the hearing Supt Lee Halstead from Lancashire Police said: "Mr Ditta turned from criminal solicitor to a criminal himself the moment he started obtaining drugs from organised criminals."
His addiction to cocaine left him hopelessly compromised and vulnerable to the motives of leading members of organised crime groups who tasked him to obtain valuable information regarding police investigations.
Solicitors should uphold the highest standards of integrity and should instil trust and confidence in the public.
Mr Ditta has betrayed this trust and attempted to hide behind the veneer of his profession.
Lancashire's Serious and Organised Crime Unit led the investigation into Mr Ditta which has also seen him convicted of three counts of possession of cocaine and now perverting the course of justice, demonstrating our commitment to bringing criminals to justice.
Let this case serve as a warning to criminals that no one is beyond the reach of the law.
We will find you and put you before the courts.
Scarborough himself was jailed for 14 years after pleading guilty to conspiracy to supply heroin, cocaine and cannabis.
Thirty five other men involved in the racket were jailed for a total of 153 years for drugs offences.
On his website Ditta gave a question and answer session about himself in which he says his fantasy job would be a lawyer representing clients on Death Row in America, his ultimate dinner guest as being Mohammed Ali and inequality as his motivation for work.
Revolutionary Sacred Music Factory
To close the celebrations on the occasion of its 160th anniversary, the Liederkranz Dunningen (Dunningen Amateur Choir, or Glee Club, if you like) will perform Franz Schubert's "Deutsche Messe" (German Mass) to accompany two church services.
Following the great success of the musical, "Rock my Life", which enthused audiences this past Spring, the Liederkranz will bless two church services with the performance of Franz Schubert's Deutsche Messe, to close its anniversary year celebrations.
On Saturday 26 October, this exceptional mass will be heard from 7.00 p.m. during the evening mass in the St. Marinuskirche Dunningen and on Sunday 27 October, from 10.15, at the service in the St. Johannes Baptistkirche in Lackendorf.
The so-called 'German Mass', with the original title "Gesänge zur Feier des heiliges Opfers der Messe" (Songs to celebrate the holy sacrifice of the mass), D 872, is a spiritual work by composer Franz Schubert, dating from 1826, at at the time it was written was considered almost revolutionary.
Patron Johan Philipp Neumann has in mind for the mass to be performed as part of the church services.
Under the directorship of Hermann Schneider, the choir will be accompanied by the wind ensemble of the Frohsinn Tennenbronn Music Society, and by Noemi Lokodi on the organ.
Haslach: Scepticism visibly gives way to confidence
The 2015 Parish Council elections will bring about fundamental change, for example in the Haslach Pastoral Care Unit (Seelsorgeeinheit Haslach, SE).
There will then only be one joint Parish Council for all six parishes.
In a joint meeting on Saturday, the committees from Haslach, Hofstetten, Mühlenbach, Fischerbach, Steinach and Welschensteinach prepared for the changes.
This is because there are no further changes to be made to the fundamental decisions of the diocese and it is up to the Parish Councils to implement these in as satisfactory a manner possible.
During the course of the day one thing became particularly clear: the scepticism towards the new system is reluctantly yet visibly giving way to confidence.
The extremely constructive discussions between the six committees and the full-time members of the pastoral care team addressed topics ranging from perceptions and expectations regarding the 2015 reforms, to concrete proposals regarding the future composition and size of the Parish Council.
Regional Dean Georg Schmitt explained the newly drawn-up guidelines for pastoral care units in the arch-diocese of Freiburg with the help of  a presentation.
According to the guidelines, the SE Haslach, as a church community, will be a corporation under public law, which shall assume the rights and obligations of the six individual church communities.
There will then only be one joint Parish Council and a Foundation Council, in which the rector will be represented by virtue of his office.
From each parish, at least two elected members are to be represented, with so-called church community teams set up on-site in the six parishes.
In future their task will be to promote church life on a local basis.
Regarding the issue of the finances of the individual parishes, the need for extensive discussion became evident.
The reforms plan for the accumulated assets in the parishes to be retained for a specified purpose.
Accounts payable, on the other hand, will be passed over to the "church community" as a whole.
In particular, planned major investments, the debts from which thus affect all parishes, were cause for great concern.
"In the past, investments were only made in projects that could be managed by the individual parishes by themselves," said Haslach's Parish Council Chairman Bruno Prinzbach.
Barbar Ritter, Chair of the Committee in the Schutterwald-Neuried pastoral care unit, has practical experience of a joint committee for five parishes.
In 2006 she set herself the task, "Become one, remain five" and came to realise that the task is really not that simple.
The Committees of the Haslach pastoral care unit set out to answer questions regarding the future composition and size of the joint Parish Council, and the practical work of the church community teams.
The specific details will be confirmed in subsequent meetings and decided in an additional joint meeting of all six committees in the coming spring.
At the end, Parish Counsellor Michael Schöner from Steinach presented the new logo of the pastoral care unit, which was agreed on by a clear majority.
Electricity to become more expensive in Pfullendorf
The citizens of Pfullendorf will have to adjust to high electricity costs.
As Managing Director of the municipal energy company, Jörg-Arne Bias, confirmed to the SÜDKURIER, families of four in Pfullendorf will be on the receiving end of a price increase of EUR 70 to 90 per year.
One major reason for the upcoming price increase is the rise of the so-called EEC Levy from 5.277 to 6.3 Cents per kilowatt hour.
This levy will be reset by the four operators of the large power grids, in October of each year.
They estimate the additional costs they will incur as a result of the "energy turnaround", which they will be able to recover by means of a levy on the price of electricity.
The Pfullendorf municipal energy company forms the last link in this chain.
In its projections, the supervisory council of the energy company even assumed a levy higher than that reported by Jörg-Arne Bias.
The specific figures must now be calculated before the municipal energy cmpany can inform its customers of the precise price increase next week.
"We are working on the assumption of an increase of 1 cent plus x," said Bias, with the figure likely to be closer to 2 cents.
Traffic lights permanently red: observe waiting time
Sometimes a traffic light simply never turns green.
The contact loop on the road does not react, or the light itself is defective.
What should you do - drive through on red?
If an affected person has waited for a sufficiently long period of time at a red light, and provided the crossing is clear, they can drive on, explained Stuttgart-based lawyer Ralf Becker in "Motorrad" (Motorcycle) magazine.
The waiting time must, however, be "appropriate", which can be interpreted differently on a case-to-case basis.
Becker advises that you wait at least five minutes before a fault with the traffic lights can be assumed.
Anyone who drives on in spite of a red light must, however, be aware that he/she will be fully liable for any resulting accident.
Anyone who waits for less than five minutes has, under certain circumstances, not waited long enough, warned Becker, referring to a ruling of the Hamm Higher Regional Court.
In the case in question, a driver ignored a light that was permanently red after around three minutes and and was held responsible for negligently jumping a red light.
The traffic lights were actually not defective, but rather turned green just a few minutes later.
He was spared a driving ban on account of the special circumstances - but was not spared a fine.
Town Council delighted with solid budget
Every time discussion in Town Council meetings turns to the budget, Mayor Ralph Gerster has good reason to smile.
The municipality coffers in Herdwangen-Schönach are well stocked and the administration has been debt-free since 2005.
In this sense, this the 2012 budgetary year, can also be recorded as a complete success.
This became clear upon presentation of the annual accounts for 2012.
As Andrea Rothmund explained, the administrative budget came in at more than EUR one million higher than originally planned, at around 7.6 million Euro.
The administrative budget surplus, at around EUR 1.8 million, also stood at around EUR one million above projections.
The surplus is primarily due to higher trade tax income and the local authorities' contribution towards income tax.
The capital budget also stood well above the projected values.
Instead of the projected EUR 1.5 million Euro, the value for last year was EUR 2.5 million.
"This is mainly due to the higher contribution from the administrative budget," said Rothmund.
Because fewer investments were made in the 2012 budgetary year than planned, the reserves also came in higher.
In total, they managed to increase the general contingency reserves by around EUR 2.1 million, to a total of EUR 4.9 million.
Mayor Ralph Gerster thanked Rothmund and its team for the good work.
"A job like this is not something you achieve overnight," said Gerster in praise of the annual financial statement.
He and the Town Councillors are clearly delighted with the good figures.
It may sound like a paradox, but it is precisely these good figures that could soon work out expensive for the citizens.
In the past, a good financial situation meant that the local authorities could do away with high municipal rates.
However, according to Gerster, from time to time this has resulted in subsidies being reduced by the state.
There are prerequisites that must be fulfilled in order to receive these subsidies from various compensation elements.
Among other requirements, the towns and municipalities applying for the subsidies must levy certain municipal rates.
"We have to address the subject of municipal rates, as there are investments to be made in the coming years for which we could do with subsidies," commented Gerster regarding this matter.
Nagold: Hugo Wermter - a choir member for 60 years
Having been a singer for 60 years, Hubert Wermter's story with the Cäcilia Male Choral Society is almost twice as long as that of the Autumn Festival, during which he was ceremonially honoured.
As per usual, Hubert Wermter stood on the stage in the colours of his male voice choir.
Even after 60 years he still finds great pleasure from singing with the choir, which has achieved much more than popularity during this period.
Wermter has also been active within the association, serving as a member of the committee for 28 years, among other roles.
For his commitment and loyalty to the organisation, he has also received several awards: Jörg Kohr, Lay Pastor acting on behalf of the Cäcilian Association of Rottenburg-Stuttgart, presented him with an Association Certificate and a letter of commendation signed by Bishop Gebhard Fürst - the choir also serves as a church choir.
His choir colleagues presented him with a German Choral Association certificate and an engraved pewter plate.
Aside from honouring Hugo, the 31st Autumn Festival progressed as usual: Alongside the Betra Male Voice Choir, the Salzstetten Choral Club, the Baisingen Choral Division and the Local Music Society, the Vollmaringen singers delivered a colourful blend of different choral and song styles, which entertained the 400 or so visitors.
The Vollmaringen Male Voice Choir got things running with atmospheric songs such as "Im Weinparadies" and "Lustig, ihr Brüder".
They had also prepared a short serenade as a tribute to their honorary singer Hubert Wermter - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's "Bundeslied".
The Betra Male Voice Choir also sang classic choral pieces such as "Jägerwerben" by Julius Wengert, "Weit, weit weg" by Hubert Goisern and the folk song "Wann du durchgehst durchs Tal".
With its mixed choir and its ladies' ensemble - the "Impulschor" (Impulse Choir), the Salzstetten Choral Club ensured that the female quota was fulfilled at the festival.
The mixed choir carried listeners away to foreign lands with the Neapolitan folksongs "Santa Lucia" and "Eviva Espana" by Antos Gus, while the "Impulschor" also drew on foreign languages: "Liberatio" and "Hey Jude" were included on their programme.
The Choral Division of the Baisingen Sports Club returned to its home ground with "Was isch der Schwob?" by Hans Süssmuth and Robert Pappert's "Bierlied", while the Vollmaringen Music Society provided the crowning musical conclusion.
For children, there was a small auxiliary programme - "Oma Hanne" (Grandma Hanne), a.k.a Hannelore Stollsteimer, performed a 'Kasperl' theater (similar to Punch and Judy) and read some stories, which kept the children entertained throughout the afternoon.
Children's dreams come true
Over the next few days, the nursery schools and day care centres in Zollernalb district will be receiving mail.
The Schwarzwälder Bote (Black Forest Herald), in collaboration with Bauhaus and the Sparkasse Zollernalb Savings Bank, would like to support the institutions in granting their construction and renovation wishes.
Does the nursery school need a new sand box?
All nurseries, day care centres and créches from across the entire Zollernalb district can become involved in the campaign.
If they have a construction or renovation request for their institution, they can register this with the Schwarzwälder Bote.
Get creative with your children and surprise the judging panel of the Kindergarten-Baustelle (Nursery School-Construction Site) campaign.
A panel consisting of representatives from the Schwarzwälder Bote, Bauhaus and Sparkasse Zollernalb will select three wishes from those submitted.
What are the requirements for participation?
It must be possible to fulfil the wish using construction materials to a maximum value of EUR 2,000 and on one (campaign) day.
Furthermore, the winner must provide a number of hard-working building helpers.
What is the deal with the campaign day and the helpers?
With the support of the Sparkasse Zollernalb, Bauhaus will be providing the materials.
They will be delivered to the nursery schools on an agreed day and should there be assembled/made use of directly by the helpers.
Helpers can include parents, grandparents, friends, organisations and, of course, the teachers and children themselves.
Kenyan press outraged at controversial media law
"It is a frightening place, and it is valid to ask: what is there to prevent Parliament from simply sweeping away the independence of the judiciary tomorrow?" the paper said, challenging the bill as unconstitutional.
"This law is draconian and very punitive and we reject it," said Cyrus Kamau, managing director for Capital Group - home to CapitalFM, one of Kenya's most respected independent radio stations and news websites.
He said the new media tribunal "will always be biased because it's an extension of the government," and that restrictions on content and advertising would damage Kenya's place in the global economy.
"I hope the president will listen to us, and we appeal to him to reject this bill and return it to the MPs," he said.
According to The Star newspaper, the new bill will effectively hand the government "a stranglehold over the media," while The Standard said democracy and free speech in Kenya had been "dealt a major blow" and lambasted the bill as "draconian."
The passing of the bill comes amid a string of measures to reinforce national security in the wake of the September's attack by Islamist gunmen on the Westgate shopping mall.
Kenya media drew the ire of authorities by broadcasting security camera footage of troops who were dispatched to the scene of the attack purportedly robbing the upmarket mall.
Police chief David Kimaiyo reacted by summoning two journalists and a media executive for questioning, although the summons was retracted following a media outcry.
Under the new bill, media houses can be fined up to 20 million Kenyan shillings and individual journalists up to one million with the additional risk of being "de-listed," or barred from receiving official press accreditation.
The tribunal also has the power to seize the property of an offender if a fine is not paid.
According to the Daily Nation, "even one fine is enough to cripple most FM stations."
It also said the measures could have a devastating effect on what it described as Kenya's "lively blogosphere."
By silencing the media, politicians know they can do whatever they like with impunity.
"No one will ever know," wrote Nation journalist Mutuma Mathiu, describing the Kenyan media as a key source of checks and balances in public life.
"Left to themselves, politicians would bankrupt the country and take us back to hunting and gathering," he wrote.
Kenyan lawmakers have been the target of public anger in the past.
In May they voted to overturn cuts ordered by the national salaries commission and reinstate their hefty salaries of around 532,000 shillings a month tax-free - ranked among the highest in the world.
Bad-Dürrheim: A dream comes true for the FC
The official inaugural ceremony for the astro-turf sports field did not wane in significance for the town and the football club, in spite of the cold weather and rain.
Everyone had hoped for more pleasant conditions for the ceremony last Saturday, however the weather gods chose not to cooperate.
So anyone who came without an umbrella, or for whatever reason could not hold onto one, drew the short straw.
This was the case for the musicians who accompanied the ceremony, as well as for a number of speakers.
Thus, FC Chairman Albrecht Schlenker, who spoke of the fulfilment of a dream, also got fairly wet.
His thanks went first and foremost to Mayor Walter Klumpp, who was heavily involved in the realisation of the project, the Town Council, the companies involved and club members who played a part.
Particular mention went out to Lothar Held, Paul Weizenegger, Heiner Gail and Peter Graf.
The spry pensioners laid 400 square metres of flagging for the new paths.
This remarkable voluntary commitment was also honoured by Member of the State Parliament, Karl Rombach.
Further words of greeting were issued to the town Sports Commissioner, Hubert Baier, the District Chairperson of the Southern Baden Football Association, Kuno Kayan, and Friedrich Knorr from the planning office, who announced a donation to the club's youth division.
Mayor Klumpp recalled that weather-related influences in the Spring and Autumn had repeatedly afflicted the original sports field, to such an extent that it could not be played on.
It was way back 15 years ago that solutions to the problem were first considered, when the construction of a third pitch on the football club site or at the secondary school on Salinensee Lake were considered.
Both ideas were rejected.
Six years ago, thoughts turned to laying an astro-turf pitch, which was generally viewed as the perfect solution.
Specific plans were drawn up two years ago, when the FC inherited the Schabelstube in leasehold, promised a contribution of EUR 100,000 for the construction of the pitch and the state approved a subsidy of EUR 104,000.
In October 2012, the Town Council decided to cover the remaining EUR 356,000 of the total cost of EUR 560,000, summarised Klumpp.
Work began on the 68 x 108 metre astro-turf pitch on 4 June.
During the construction phase, which lasted over three months, 3,000 cubic metres of earth were removed, of which half was used for the laying of a dirt bike track.
Union and SPD have continued their coalition negotiations, addressing the topics of internal affairs and justice.
To this end, the competent working group met this morning.
Among other issues, topics discussed included direct democracy, the bribery of MPs and the Federal Police.
During the morning, the Migration and Integration working group also sought to continue its discussions.
Among the issues to be addressed was that of dual nationality, in which regard both sides have opposing ideas.
The SPD would like to put an end to the pressure placed on immigrant children to decide on one nationality - the Union rejects the notion of a dual passport.
Regarding the subject of traffic, which was not on the agenda for this Friday, the SPD substantiated its opposition to a car toll charge promoted by the CSU.
A toll road sticker would amount to a "flat rate fee for frequent drivers and would thus be environmentally counterproductive," explained the SPD negotiator for issues relating to traffic, Florian Pronold, in a letter to his parliamentary group.
There would be a threat of diverted traffic on country roads, which are already accident hotspots.
The introduction of a toll for cars would also only be a first step, in Pronold's eyes.
"There is the risk that the compensation for Germans would be abolished at a later point in time," he said.
Dieter Thomas Kuhn in Stuttgart: The "singing mountain wave" on the open-air stage
Stuttgart - "When will it be summer again?" was actually not the question on people's lips at the Killesberg Open-Air Theatre on Friday evening.
It genuinely was a tropical evening in Stuttgart.
This therefore provided the ideal conditions for pop star, Dieter Thomas Kuhn, and his band.
Click through the image gallery of the performance by the "singing mountain wave".
Car driver seriously injured in accident
A 37-year-old car driver from Aachen was seriously injured in an accident on Thursday evening.
According to information from the police, a 41-year-old from Müsch was travelling in his car on the Kempener bypass in the direction of Grefrath, at around 9.15 p.m..
As he went to turn right onto St. Töniser Straße he failed to see the 37-year-old's oncoming vehicle.
The vehicles collided.
The Aachen resident suffered serious injuries and had to be taken to the hospital for treatment.
Konstanz: Road block following accident on the Schänzle roundabout
According to police, the accident occurred when a 51-year-old driver of a Swiss Seat Ibiza was travelling out of town in the left lane of the two-lane Reichenaustrasse.
Shortly before the Schänzle roundabout he noticed that was in the left-turn lane going in the direction of Stromeyersdorfstraße and moved across to the right lane.
In so doing, he collided with the BMW of a 23-year-old Konstanz resident, travelling in that lane.
The VW Passat of a 19-year-old driver travelling behind the BMW was also damaged.
In total, EUR 15,000 of material damage was caused, announced the police.
The road had to be blocked off while the accident was being investigated, the statement continued.
Vienna Airport abolishes passenger call-outs
Mr. Max Maier, please make your way to Gate 24.
In future, announcements such as this will no longer happen at Vienna International Airport.
The majority of loudspeaker announcements will cease - thus considerably reducing the noise level.
The goal of this adjustment is to create a more relaxing atmosphere.
As airport spokesperson Peter Kleeman announced to Radio Vienna that in adjusting the approach towards announcements, Vienna Airport is following an international trend.
Among others, the airports in Kopenhagen, Frankfurt and Dubai have already done away with the noisy call-outs.
By doing away with these announcements - on average around 200 personal call-outs come through the loudspeakers per day - the atmosphere in the airport should be calmer in future.
"Experience has also shown that these individual announcements are relatively seldom taken notice of, and at the same time, all other information regarding changes to departure gates or flight times are somewhat lost among them," said Kleeman while chatting to the radio broadcaster.
Highland Games in Kaltenhof
Alongside brake van pulling with tractors,  there will also be a second contest at the agricultural autumn festival at Kaltenhof from 6 to 8 September.
On Saturday 7 September, the Highland Games will start at 1:30 p.m.
While they are of course a Scottish tradition, they have been given a touch of Swabian colour at the Kaltenhof event grounds.
Teams and individual competitors will be pitted against one another in the disciplines of tossing the caber, horseshoe tossing and bucket carrying.
The caber is four and a half metres long and weighs 25 to 30 kilometres.
"It isn't about the distance," explains organiser Peter Saile.
The log must be thrown vertically, somersault once and then finish lying straight.
This scores maximum points.
In tossing the horseshoe, it all comes down to accuracy.
Horseshoes are thrown onto a peg from a distance of eight metres.
Participants must then prove their skill and strength by carrying a bucket of water 50 metres.
Time is recorded and water quantity measured in a vat at the end.
Two members of each "clan" or team can then take part in the individual competition.
The winners of the team and individual contests receive prizes.
Teams can practice from 10:00 a.m.
Suitable clothing is desirable - for example competitors can wear kilts.
However, Swabian traditional clothing is also permitted.
The judging panel will also award a few bonus points for "outfits".
Registration is open until a few hours prior to the beginning of the competition.
With the Scottish-Swabian Highland Games and the tractor pulling contest, which will begin half an hour beforehand, there promises to be a great deal of action at the event grounds on Saturday.
In the evening, fans of brass band music will be in for a treat of their own.
At 19:00, the "biraböhmische" (a play on words alluding to the regions pear trees, Bohemia, and perhaps their love of beer as well!) wind music group from Schömberg, provide a great evening of entertainment.
The band plays lively polkas and marches.
However, their repertoire also includes emotive waltzes and a full big band sound.
Heinz Koch from Weilen unter den Rinnen will also be there, better known as the 'singing inn keeper and black sausage baron".
In the past, he has appeared at the Christmas market in Dornhan and the Narrenzunft (Fool's Guild event).
On Sunday, the Leinstetten Music Society will entertain audiences with a morning session, with the Böffingen Farmer's Band as guests from 2:00 p.m., and then the "Oldies" will bring the celebrations to a close.
The celebrations will get under way on Friday, with the "Stoppelacker" (Stubble Field) party featuring DJ Ralf.
Other items in the itinerary on Saturday and Sunday include the vintage car and tractor meet and exhibitions by companies on the topic of agriculture and forestry.
Further attractions on Sunday are the corn maze, the craft market and sheep shearing.
Specially for children, there is a petting zoo, "straw bouncy castle", tractor driving (under supervision) and tractor surfing.
The event is organised by the community hall association, the ski club and the "Zündkapsele" (blasting caps) tractor enthusiasts.
An overview of milk and egg alternatives
Vegan nutrition promotes vegetable alternatives to eggs, milk and dairy products.
Mashed tofu with plant cream, for example, serves as a substitute for quark cheese.
The Vegetarian Association will provide further examples on World Vegan Day on 1 November.
On the occasion of World vegan Day on 1 November, the Vegetarian Association of Germany will propose a host of vegan alternatives:
Pure plant margarine is a good alternative to butter, while yoghurt can be replaced by soya yoghurt.
Soya, oat, almond or rice milk can be used in place of milk.
Plant whipping cream can replace traditional whipping cream.
There are also plant alternatives to eggs.
Half a mashed, ripe banana, for example, can replace an egg as a binding agent in a cake.
50 grams of apple sauce or a tablespoon of ground linseed plus three tablespoons of water are also suitable.
A dough becomes fluffy by replacing egg with a mixture of one tablespoon of baking powder, one tablespoon of cornflour and three tablespoons of mineral water, for example.
50 grams of soya yoghurt or silken tofu can also fulfil this purpose.
According to information from the Vegetarian Association, around 800,000 Germans currently have a vegan diet, i.e. a 100% vegetable diet.
Sleepless in New York
On the way to their host families in Weymouth, Massachusetts, the pupils of the Schwarzwald Grammar School got to know the American city of New York.
After an eight-hour flight, they headed straight for Brooklyn Bridge, via which the heart of the city, Manhattan, can be reached on foot.
From here there is a fascinating view of the world-famous skyline, which is particularly impressive in the evening light.
Due to the time difference, the pupils had been on the go for almost 24 hours, however, true to the slogan, "the city never sleeps", the day was rounded off with a trip to Times Square.
In spite of a shutdown, they were able to visit the Statue of Liberty on the second day, and climb the statue on foot.
They then moved on to the Financial District, via Wall Street, to visit the 9/11 memorial.
On the third day, the pupils were able to take in an overview of the fascinating city from the viewing platform of the Empire State Building, enjoying the views from a height of 373 metres.
They then made their way through the hustle and bustle of the New York streets, via the Rockerfeller Center, to Central Park, which provided the perfect opportunity to rest a while in the Autumn sun.
Following a short flight from New York to Boston, the pupils have now arrived with their host families and are experiencing the school day at Weymouth High School.
Once again this year, on Saint Hubert's day, a Hubert mass will be celebrated in the Parish of St. Marien on Hülsbergstrasse.
St. Hubert was, according to legend, a truly ruthless hunter, who converted following a vision and was later appointed Bishop of Lüttich.
Hunting horn group "Jagdreiter Westfalen", under the directorship of Brigitte Kluth, played old, traditional French melodies on parforce horns (natural horns in the key of E flat).
The wind players wear riding clothes, as they provide musical accompaniment mainly for riders, horses and packs of hounds on drag hunts.
The solemn mass is to take place on Sunday 3 November at 11.30 a.m.
The newly designed Opschlag stands out with a new café.
One that invites you to linger a while and to come again.
One that wants to get its name out there.
According to dictionaries, déjà vu is defined as a psychological phenomenon, which expresses itself in the feeling of having already experienced or seen a new situation.
In the case of a visit to the café of the same name at the Opschlag in Kleve County, with a view of the Rhein-Waal University, it doesn't always have to remain a pure déjà vu feeling.
Ultimately, this is precisely the aim of the café with the wonderful name: to make an actual visit and something that can be repeated on a recurring basis, not just theoretically, but tangibly.
Because it is fun and simply beautiful.
A glance into the internal workings at Opschlag 8 gives the onlooker a positive feeling right from the outset.
With its ultra-modern yet cosy café ambience, it looks like a place designed to make you feel good.
The team here, with business founders, Mirjam van der Stelt and Daniel Büttner at the helm, spoils guests with a wide range of coffees and cocktails.
In addition to this, there are delicious cakes or freshly baked baguettes, filled to order.
The owners, both 33 years old, have already made a name for themselves as restaurateurs prior to opening the chic café on the Opschlag: They previously managed the "Art Lounge" in Kranenburg.
By moving to Kleve on the Opschlag, the friendly café lovers hope to reach a wider audience.
Not least through university customers.
"We don't have a specific target group," emphasises Daniel Büttner.
In actual fact, here the pair hope to appeal as much to young students as they do to senior citizens and all age brackets.
Speaking of café lovers...
The two friendly owners are motivated by their love of coffee.
They themselves enjoy the fragrant, hot brew in a variet of formats.
Espresso fan
Daniel Büttner is more of an espresso fan, while Mirjam van der Stelt is the cappuccino drinker.
"And a baguette with it - that's my thing," she revealed to the NRZ.
There have already been two events held in the brightly lit café.
Or perhaps more accurately, one.
This is because the Hafenfest took place more outside than in - Café Déjà Vu did not benefit from it.
However, there was also the Ringelnatz evening.
The two 33-year-olds found it "beautiful, successful and funny".
But it was not for everyone.
Perhaps this is why Daniel Büttner is not a vocal fan of evening events: "You just cannot please everyone".
And with an event, I am always only appealing to those who have expressed an interest in the special event.
For this reason, events will always be an exception to the rule for us.
"We want to cause as little disruption as possible to normal business".
That is to say: Déjà Vu also stands for reliability.
This is with regard to the quality of the products that are offered here, as well as the team and the fantastic setting on the Opschlag in Kleve.
The street that is fast becoming a 'restaurant mile'.
This is to the delight of many Kleve residents, guests from near and far and the students who are discovering the 'restaurant mile', and with it the Café Déjà Vu, for themselves.
Anke Gellert-Helpenstein
A day of thanks with the MGV (Male Choral Society) in Dinker
This year the "Friedrich Wilhelm Dinker" MGV issued an invitation to its 165th anniversary celebration, which 52 guests, active singers and their wives were happy to accept.
In the clubhouse at the "Witteborg" Inn in Dinker, all those present enjoyed the friendly get-together in the name of music.
Traditionally, the anniversary celebration is also always the fitting occasion to bestow honours.
This time around, secretary Rolf Wagener was delighted to receive the special "Singer of the Year" award.
"Not only have you kept countless records for us, but you have also done so much running around for us, and for this we offer our sincere thanks," said Choir Chairman Erich Schlotmann.
The awards for participation in the performances and choir rehearsals by means of the presentation of "activity posies", this year went to Choir Director Dieter Schulze, with 44 attendance marks, followed by Honorary Chairman Horst Pier-Ribbert, the Chairman himself, and last year's "Singer of the Year" Friedrich Winkler, each having attended 42 times.
Fifth place went to Artur Brückner, responsible for organising music copies.
The Board of Directors gave special thanks to the team managed by innkeeper, Ange Pier-Ribbert, which once again delighted those present with a top class menu, and to Gerda Pier-Ribbert for the table decorations.
The "Friedrich-Wilhelm" MGV meets for its regular choir rehearsals in the clubhouse every Tuesday at 19:45.
"New voices that love to sing are more than welcome any time," said Schlotmann.
UN hails new goals to tackle poverty
The United Nations is to start work immediately on a new set of goals to replace the millennium development goals, which were put place 12 years ago to tackle global poverty.
Australian diplomats played a key role in pushing for "sustainable development goals" to replace the MDGs, which expire in 2015, ahead of the UN sustainable development summit that began in Rio de Janeiro overnight.
They were included in the final draft of the document, which will be endorsed by world leaders including Ms Gillard during the summit.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told the summit overnight that now is the time to "rise above national interests."
"I am pleased that member states have agreed to launch and take ownership of a process to establish universal sustainable development goals - SDGs," he said.
These SDGs will build on our advances under the millennium development goals, and they will be an integral part of the post-2015 development framework.
I will spare no effort to implement the mandate given to me by member states to realise our vision of sustainable development goals that build on the success of the MDGs.
Even though the SG Achim/Baden has gone four match days without victory, a positive mood is still prevailing within the top flight handball team.
Trainer Tomasz Malmon will not let there be any doubt of this fact.
Everyone is still fully motivated for the task at hand.
That said, I do hope that we finally start winning again.
"I no longer remember how a victory like that tastes," said Malmon, anticipating success for his team at VfL Fredenbeck II.
Even though the third-tier reserves from Fredenbeck are no't exactly in the best form at the moment, Malmon has issued a warning in advance
I trained many of the players myself in the A-Youth.
Consequently, they will be particularly motivated playing against their former coach.
"In addition, we will have to wait and see whether reinforcements from the first team will be there," explained the SG coach.
In any case, if they are to finally get back on the winning track, Malmon's team will have to improve on recent performances.
There have been major problems, primarily in terms of covering and counter attacking.
The team's eye for the goal must be considerably improved.
Therefore, I hope that my players have finally managed to clear their heads during the short break.
Mozambique security concerns mount as powerful personalities clash
With a statue of Samora Machel, Mozambique's founding president, staring down on them, thousands of people gathered in central Maputo to chant peace slogans in a rare public demonstration.
"We want peace back; we want stability," said Vanessa de Sousa, chief executive of an investment company.
Fearful about the future of her country, she swapped her corporate attire for a T-shirt emblazoned with "we demand security" in Portuguese as she joined the crowds in the capital's Independence Square on Thursday.
For two weeks, there have been almost daily reports of clashes between government forces and Renamo, some of the worst skirmishes since a peace deal more than 20 years ago.
Renamo was once a notorious rebel movement, initially backed by white-ruled Rhodesia and then South Africa's apartheid government as part of efforts to destabilise the country's independent government.
After a 1992 peace deal, it became an opposition party.
Analysts believe the country is unlikely to slide back into full-blown conflict, but recent events have unnerved foreign investors and locals.
The stakes are high for the fast-growing economy as the discovery of huge offshore gas reserves and coal deposits in the northwest could bring in more than $50bn of investment over the next few next years from companies including Rio Tinto, Vale of Brazil, Eni of Italy and Anadarko of the US.
The ruling Frelimo party, the dominant political force since 1975, and Renamo blame each other for the tension.
Renamo says the government initiated the latest clashes by launching an attack on its members in Sofala province, traditionally a Renamo stronghold, on October 17.
Assaults on the former rebels then escalated as government forces attacked Renamo bases and attempted to kill Afonso Dhlakama, the group's leader, Fernando Mazanga, Renamo's spokesman, told the Financial Times.
The government blames Renamo for triggering the clashes, accusing it of attacking soldiers.
President Armando Guebuza has sought to play down concerns about instability.
Mr Guebuza told AFP, the French news agency, on Wednesday that Mr Dhlakama saw himself as a "loser" who wanted to use "whatever remains of his forces to try to prove that he can impose on the government his own decisions."
Both Frelimo and Renamo insist they want to avoid war.
But concerns have grown after Mr Mazanga was quoted as saying Renamo was abandoning the 1992 peace accord.
He told the FT that he meant the agreement was no longer being respected by Frelimo.
"Our vision is to come back to negotiations, but with seriousness," Mr Mazanga said.
Previous talks between the parties have done little to ease tensions fuelled by a series of clashes this year.
"It's two big men (Guebuza and Dhlakama) butting heads together," said Joseph Hanlon, a lecturer at the Open University and Mozambique expert.
Neither of them are good negotiators and neither of them are prepared to make the kind of concessions that are necessary.
Renamo, which has been pushing for electoral reforms, had already said that it would boycott municipal elections due in November.
Presidential and parliamentary polls are scheduled for next year.
Some commentators have interpreted its use of force as the attempt of an ailing movement to win concessions and financial spoils from the government.
Renamo's share of the vote has been declining since 1992, while a newer party, the Democratic Movement of Mozambique (MDM) which was formed by a former Renamo member, is expected to improve its showing at the elections.
Mr Mazanga says Mr Guebuza - who is due to step down when his second term ends next year - wants to destroy the country's democracy.
"He does not want multi-party democracy, he does not want transparent elections he does not want peace because he does not want to leave the presidency," Mr Mazanga said.
It is unclear how much capacity Renamo has, but it has carried out disruptive hit-and-run attacks on police stations and vehicles on a key north-south highway.
Most of the skirmishes have taken place in Sofala province, which is several hundred kilometres north of Maputo, but hosts Beira, the port that miners, including Rio Tinto and Vale, rely on to export coal.
In June, Rio suspended its use of the railway for about a week after Renamo threatened to attack the line.
Mr Mazanga was coy when asked about whether Renamo would repeat this threat.
Renamo wanted to "warn the international community that things were not going well in Mozambique," Mr Mazanga said.
The instability has added to frustrations with the government, says Fernando Lima, head of Mediacoop, an independent media company, with many people also concerned about corruption, the slow pace of development and a recent spate of kidnappings.
"People think the ones responsible for the future of the country are the government and the president, and he should be the one to find solutions for the problems," he says.
Omar Sultuane, a demonstrator, said people just wanted stability.
"No one cares about Renamo and Frelimo, they just want peace again, they want free access to the roads," he said.
Children should be taught myths and legends as "models for a way of life", author says.
Tales of Thor could show "brute strength is no match for subtle trickery," while the Arthurian legends reveal the importance of having a dream.
Saying many of the myths would be "far too wild, far too scandalous and in some cases far too filthy to be taught in schools," Crossley-Holland advocated a "careful selection" of age-appropriate works.
"I find it wonderful that in America, myth and folklore already has a part in education," he said.
I have been advocating it as a plan for twenty years.
He added authors and teachers being "overtly didactic" is a "total switch-off" for children, with messages being "subliminated" in enjoyable stories.
Crossley-Holland, who has translated Beowulf from Anglo-Saxon as well as writing the Penguin Book of Norse Myths and British Folk Tales, said: "You may well have intentions but you do better to keep them well out of sight."
Perhaps the big difference between an adult author writing for an adult and an adult author writing for a child is the necessity for some sense of hope.
Not that everything has to be simplified or come to a happy ending, but that there is an innate sense of good and evil.
And that must be subliminated; revealed through a story rather than stated.
The old basis of showing not telling.
Hansjakob back in Freihof once again
100 years ago, Heinrich Hansjakob moved into his retirement home in Haslach, on Sunday his final years in the "Freihof" were brought to life.
The large audience was inspired by the extremely amusing role play.
From his arrival, to his being conferred with honorary citizenship and his death, Alois Kraftzcyk, the scriptwriter and actor portraying Hansjakob, has written an entertaining play, which received great acclaim under the directorship of Cornelia Volk.
Marcus Zagermann, serving as narrator, guided the audience through the ten different scenes, explained circumstances and provided links explaining leaps from his youth to the time when he was approaching retirement.
On 22 October 1913, Hansjakob returned home to his childhood paradise, to his Freihof.
It was there that the role-play began, with Alois Krafczyk shining once again in his famous role as the town's great son.
True to style, he travelled with a two-horse carriage drawn by "Schwarzwälder Füchsen" (Black Forest Chestnut Horses) owned by Erich Becherer from Mühlenbach.
Not only was he received with great applause from the audience, but was also welcomed by his sister Philippine.
Billy Sum-Hermann managed unbelievably well to place herself in the role of the sister and brought the character to life amazingly well, in terms of both her expressions and gestures.
Between the individual scenes, the Mühlenbacher Bauernkapelle played appropriately selected musical pieces, thus rounding off the performance.
The honour of presenting the title of honorary citizen went to Haslach's Mayor, Heinz Winkler, who, together with a section of the Town Council, made an appearance representing the Mayor of Hüttich from back in Hansjakob's day.
The "Dreikönig" singers then made their own appearance, leading Hansjakob to exclaim: "Oh how beautiful, this brings childhood memories of my own time in a Dreikönig group back to life".
With their song, "O Jesulein", they delighted the audience in the Freihof, as did the "Storchentagskinder" with their loud cries of "Heraus, Heraus" .
In his day, Hansjakob expressed his criticism of the institutional church, as well as his concerns regarding the excesses in the rural economy, the consequences of industrialisation and the effects of the war.
He found his place of rest on his native soil, behind his mausoleum on the Brand  near Hofstetten.
The role-play ended with the words "A restless spirit finally found rest and returned home forever".
The performance received great applause and many words of praise from the audience.
Basketball: Hopes are growing for the Neckar Riesen (Neckar Giants).
The chances of the relegated Ludwigsburg Budesliga basketball players remaining in the league have improved.
This is because there is to be a wild card procedure, and the Neckar Riesen are now up against one applicant fewer.
The Hamburg Towers basketball project is declining to make an application for a possible stand-in place.
"We will not participate in the wild card process," said former national team player Pascal Roller, who has been putting together the concept for a professional club in the Hansa town since 2012.
However, there was no sigh of relief to be heard from Ludwigsburg.
"We are not concerning ourselves with the wild card process until it is certain that Düsseldorf is not receiving a licence," said boss of the Neckar Riesen Alexander Reil, speaking to our paper.
Newly promoted Düsseldorf Baskets have until 23 May to submit documents to the arbitration panel and prove their financial fitness for the Bundesliga.
However, the Rhineland team have already been refused the licence twice.
The Court of Arbitration is the authority of last resort.
Haigerloch: Focus on the Abendmahlskirche
As the town's contribution to the 150th anniversary of the Protestant Church in Haigerloch, the town's Office of Culture and Tourism is to dedicate the last of this year's public thematic tours on Sunday 27 October to the Abendsmahlskirche (Church of the Holy Communion).
Following a visit to the Nuclear Bunker Museum, the focus will turn to Haigerloch in the period after 1850, when Haigerloch came under Prussian rule.
The crowning glory will be a visit to the Abendmahlskirche.
There the participants of the tour will be told the story of the construction of the church and will gain insight into the development of the Protestant congregation, in what is a Catholic area through and through.
Last but not least, while in the church eyes will also turn to the last supper painting, painted by Friedrich Schüz with the support of Walter Kröll and Georg Halbritter.
It is a faithful reproduction of the famous work Leonardo da Vinci in Milan.
The meeting point for the one and a half hour tour is the Nuclear Bunder Museum, at 3:00 p.m.
Tickets are available from the ticket office at the Nuclear Bunker Museum.
The Haigerloch Town Tourist Office is available for questions and to provide you with information.
Snowden may make further statements in Russia
The former US intelligence expert, Edward Snowden, may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal from his Russian asylum.
Representatives of the Federal Prosecutor could either submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in Russia.
This was reported by the Interfax Agency with reference to groups aware of the situation, which were not named in greater detail.
Such matters are to be clarified at an intergovernmental level, it was stated.
A departure of Snowden from Russia is virtually impossible.
"If this were to happen, he would lose his status as a refugee," said the Agency, quoting their source.
Because Germany is an ally of the USA, Snowden would be at risk of deportation if he were to travel there, the source continued.
Endurance pays dividends
Six teams battled to become champion at the club tennis tournament.
In the end, it was the endurance of the Maier/Bronner team that decided the final match.
The tennis division of the Sportfreunde Rohrdorf (Rohrdorf Sports Fans) enjoyed perfect weather for the tournament for local clubs and enthusiasts.
The focus of the tournament was on the fun of playing tennis.
Five matches were scheduled for each team, with every team playing one match against all the others.
The matches were doubles matches with a long set up to nine points, or a maximum duration of 45 minutes.
Anja Schlichter managed the tournament
The organisation of the tournament was placed in the trusty hands of Anja Schlichter, who was supported by Carmen Müller and Inga Kronemeyer.
After the first three matches and a lunch break with pasta, the tournament moved into the crucial phase.
The favourites, Andre Maier/Matthias Bronner, were tied with Michael Klippel and Sadmin Osmicic (both teams from the SG Rohrweiler), meaning that the last two games had to produce a victor.
At the awards ceremony, Carmen Müller finally had the pleasure of presenting the Challenge Cup to Andre Maier and Matthias Bronner, who had shown the greatest staying power on the final leg.
Second place was taken by the Michael Klippel / Sadmin Osmicic partnership.
Bronze went to Rainer and Bernd Maier of the Asphaltriecher team.
In the late afternoon sun, accompanied by coffee and cake, the tournament drew to a successful close.
On the last weekend in August, the Vogtsbauernhof Black Forest Open Air Museum in Gutach near Hornberg will once again be firmly in the hands of children.
Traditionally, the museum welcomes visitors on a Saturday and Sunday, this year on on 24 and 25 August, to a colourful party for children and families as part of the summer holiday programme, with numerous participation activities and events.
"On both days, adults and children alike can learn various traditional handicrafts," said the press release.
Whether producing soap, turning candles, felting or making silk, there is a suitable activity whatever your age.
The children will receive help from regional artisans, present from 11.00 a.m. until 5:00 p.m.
Activities will also be taking place in the museum workshop.
The young guests will be able to demonstrate their manual skills building cuckoo pipes, water wheels or spinning tops.
The host of old games, such as wheelbarrow racing or walking on stilts, promises plenty of fun.
Here speed and coordination are the order of the day.
For any miniature detectives, the open air museum will be offering a mystery tour through the museum on Saturday and Sunday, at midday and 2.00 p.m. respectively.
On a tour of the premises, the children will have to work out which stories are true and which have been made up.
In addition, visitors will have the special opportunity to get to know the open air museum on a carriage journey drawn by Black Forest Chestnut horses.
It is not just horses that can be found and admired on the grounds, but many other animals such as sheep, goats, cows and chickens as well.
On the Sunday the children will also be able to enjoy the clown, Otsch, who will be doing pranks with the museum guests from 11.00 a.m.
Meanwhile, a cosy and magical alternative will be provided by Hermann Büttner.
The story-teller will be taking the younger guests to the wonderful world of fairytale at 11.00 a.m., 1:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m.
The traditional children's dance group from Gutach will also be performing at 11:30 a.m.
Furthermore, on both event days, from 11.00 a.m. until 5.00 p.m., numerous artisans such as the broom maker, the sewer, the spinner, the weaver and the baker will be letting visitors look over their shoulders.
So, visitors to the open air museum can expect a varied holiday programme right through to the end of the summer holidays in Baden-Wuerttemberg.
In a small town in New Zealand, Burt Munro is considered a lovable oddball, all because he resolved to compete in a race in America with his 1920 motorbike.
In spite of his heart defect, Burt could not be deterred from pursuing his dream.
With his savings, a few donations and a mortgage on his old workshop, he set off to Los Angeles by ship.
The film will be followed by coffee, tea and cake.
Piercing beep disturbs residents
Rhenus Midgard has also invested highly in land
They stockpile the coal that arrives on ships.
At the same time, the company also has other irons in the fire at the location.
Besides coal imports, Rhenus Midgard is also active in the field of wind park logistics, among other ventures.
The coals shimmer black in the storage yard in front of the embankment.
Here two huge blue stacker and reclaimer machines distribute or load the coals as required.
With each movement of the handling machines, a shrill warning noise rings out over the site.
"The signals are for the purpose of security and are legally prescribed," said Matthias Schrell, Managing Director of Rhenus Midgard in Wilhelmshaven.
Unfortunately, in the event of unfavourable wind, they can be heard from far away - and as a result there have already been a number of complaints from people from the north of the town.
The 40-year-old said that he is taking the complaints very seriously and has therefore been in touch with those affected.
In close consultation with the authorities, we are now in a position to make the warning signals quieter by means of the implementation of technical measures.
In future he will also seek open dialogue with neighbours.
For Matthias Schrell has some further plans at the location.
With the construction of the Lower Saxony Bridge, Rhenus Midgard is continuing to focus on coal exports for power stations and is one of the major powers in this sector in Europe.
Thanks to the mooring basin to the front of the terminal, sunken to a depth of 18.5 metres, it has for some time now been possible to unload Capesize bulk carriers here.
"In terms of handling, this year we hope to break the 3 million tonne mark," said Schrell.
Alongside the local Eon power plant, the imported coals also go to power plants inland.
When the GDF-Suez plant is added to the network, around 5 million tonnes of coal imports per year will be realistic.
The three ship unloaders on the bridge and the second transport belt could see this rise to 10 million.
Bavaria's basketball players optimistic in spite of first defeat.
Even their first defeat in the Euroleague could not curtail the huge optimism of the FC Bayern München Basketballers.
"No-one can stop us believing that we can win, even against the best team in Europe over the last two years," assessed Bayern coach Svetislav Pesic following the unfortunate 83:88 (39:47) defeat to title defenders Olympiakos Piräus on Thursday evening.
We have delivered a message: Basketball also exists in Munich!
In their first three appearances in the European top flight, the Munich team put in a good performance for long periods, but in the crucial phases were not sufficiently focussed.
Initially the guests managed to turn a 15-point deficit into a lead, with 13 minutes to go, before Piräus was able to turn the game around once again.
"We fought back incredibly well against the two-time Euroleague champions, but then once again made careless mistakes.
We are proud of our performance, but we want to win every game.
Malcolm Delaney and Nihad Djedovic were the most successful strikers for the Munich team, who had celebrated clear wins against the Italian Series champions Montepaschi Siena, and the Polish title-holders, Zielona Góra, in their first two games.
Ben Greenman: The Tenth Anniversary of the New York Comedy Festival: The New Yorker
One could argue that New York City is the birthplace of standup comedy in America: nearly a hundred years ago, the vaudevillian Frank Fay, who served as the master of ceremonies at the Palace Theatre, on Broadway, started telling jokes directly to the crowd, in a conversational manner.
Fay's innovation has been extended through the years, most recently by the New York Comedy Festival.
Created and overseen by Caroline Hirsch, the founder of the standup institution Carolines, the festival celebrates its tenth anniversary this year, with more than sixty shows at small clubs and large theatres.
"Most of these headliners appeared at Carolines, and went on to greater success, to the point where they're too big to play a club," Hirsch said.
We built this festival as a way of continuing to work with them.
This year's event includes appearances by Wanda Sykes, Kathy Griffin, and Bill Maher, as well as "Stand Up for Heroes," an annual music-and-comedy benefit for military veterans, at Madison Square Garden, featuring, among others, Bruce Springsteen, Jon Stewart, Roger Waters, and Bill Cosby.
As the festival has expanded, so has the world of comedy.
Several of the comedians participating in this year's festival came up through nontraditional channels, such as shows on smaller networks, like Comedy Central, FX, and Spike.
Nick Kroll rose to prominence on a deep-cable sitcom (FXX's gleefully raunchy fantasy-football-themed "The League") and now has his own Comedy Central sketch show.
Jenny Slate has been a cast member on both "Saturday Night Live" and "Parks and Recreation," though she is best known for her viral video series "Marcel the Shell with Shoes On."
Both Kroll and Slate, as well as other young comedians with distinctive voices (the surreally pessimistic Anthony Jeselnik, the wry, racially focussed W. Kamau Bell), are products of the decentralized world of American comedy.
One of the festival's biggest draws will be an interview: David Steinberg talking to Larry David.
Steinberg started as a standup comedian but has become an accomplished television and film director, as well as an unofficial comedy historian.
From 2005 to 2007, he hosted a show on TV Land called "Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg."
The meeting takes place at Town Hall, in the center of Manhattan.
"The city is definitely in the comedy DNA of all of Larry's work," Steinberg said.
He was telling me that, when he's here, sometimes he'll walk down an alley between two buildings and think to himself, Hey, if I lose all my money, maybe I'll live here.
Iran satisfied with the nuclear negotiations process
Iran has expressed satisfaction with the negotiation process, one week before the next nuclear meeting with the five UN veto powers and Germany.
"After many years, we have now reached an agreement with the International Nuclear Energy Authorities to clear up the differences from past years," wrote Foreign Minister Mohammed Dschawad Sarif on his Facebook page.
It will without doubt be a long path, but the chief nuclear negotiator is satisfied with the negotiation process and is also optimistic that both sides will come to a solution in the end.
Drama in Uruguay: Boys kill playmate with machetes
Two children have confessed to the murder of an 11-year-old in Uruguay.
The two boys, aged 14 and 12, had invited their victim to go bird hunting with them.
On Tuesday, armed with machetes and knives, they stabbed the 11-year-old to death and threw the body into a well, reported the "El País" newspaper on Thursday.
They then went and played football in front of their homes in a working class district.
The body was found the following night in the village of Cerro Pelado, 15 kilometres to the north of the exclusive beach resort of Punta del Este.
A five year-old half-sister of the younger offender, who they took with them, was to make a statement as an alibi, stating that she was sexually assaulted by the boy.
However, when the girl described the progression of events to the police without mentioning an attack against herself, the two boys confessed to the pre-meditated murder of the 11-year-old.
The older of the pair cited a rivalry on the football field as the motive.
He was provisionally taken to a psychiatric young offenders institute.
Pimp must go to prison
The District Court of Constance has condemned a 33-year-old man from St. Georgen to three and a half years in prison for exploitative human trafficking, pimping, issuing threats and grievous bodily harm.
The former German soldier who, following two tours in Afghanistan, had worked as a doorman, made a confession within the context of a plea-bargaining procedure.
According to the confession, on five occasions he got to know women via Internet or telephone contacts, who he then sent out onto the streets against their will after a few weeks.
He broke any resistance by means of violence and the issuing of threats.
He kept the income from women, some of whom worked for him for years.
He prevented the women from making contact with the outside world by confiscating their mobile phones and SIM cards.
Together with an accomplice, who procured the women, he brought them to various brothels in the south-west.
There he had them monitored to some extent, in order to control their income.
Appearing before the court, the accused initially claimed that he was suffering from severe trauma after colleagues serving alongside him in Afghanistan had lost their lives in an explosion.
Once a psychiatric expert had cast considerable doubt on him suffering from any psychiatric condition, and thus on his limited culpability, the 33-year-old made a full confession.
The court did not have to question any more of the female victims.
As an official from the Criminal Investigation Department reported, following the first conviction achieved using telephone surveillance measures, at least four further cases of exploitative human trafficking could be identified.
The intercepted conversations were characterised by a high level of aggression.
In subsequent hearings, the victims confirmed their ordeal.
A further witness, whereby one of the woman had suffered blue bruises all over her body, is yet to make a statement.
This is a case of a "completely broken personality", that views the violence and exploitation in this field as normal.
Yesterday the accused expressed regret for his behaviour.
"I have removed myself from these circles and hope to lead a completely normal life following my imprisonment," he stated.
Oil extends drop toward $96 a barrel
The price of oil continued to fall on Friday as concerns over high supplies offset a report showing China's power-hungry manufacturing sector is strengthening.
Benchmark U.S. crude for December delivery was down 14 cents at $96.24 a barrel by late morning in Europe in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
The contract fell 39 cents on Thursday, leaving it down 5.8 percent for the month of October.
Ample supplies of crude have weighed on the price in recent weeks.
The Energy Department said Wednesday that U.S. supplies increased 4.1 million barrels last week.
Over five weeks, supplies have risen by more than 25 million barrels.
But a suggestion of stronger demand came Friday from two reports on Chinese manufacturing that showed an uptick in activity.
That suggests China's economic recovery could continue to strengthen after growth rebounded to 7.8 percent in the third quarter from a two-decade low in the previous quarter.
Brent crude, a benchmark for international crude also used by U.S. refineries, fell 26 cents to $108.58 a barrel on the ICE exchange in London.
Court blocks ruling on NYPD stop-and-frisk policy
A federal appeals court on Thursday blocked a judge's order requiring changes to the New York Police Department's stop-and-frisk program and removed the judge from the case.
The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the decisions of Judge Shira Scheindlin will be stayed pending the outcome of an appeal by the city.
The judge had ruled in August the city violated the Constitution in the way it carried out its program of stopping and questioning people.
The city appealed her findings and her remedial orders, including a decision to assign a monitor to help the police department changes its policy and training program associated with it.
The appeals court heard arguments Tuesday on the requested stay.
The appeals court said the judge needed to be removed from the case because she ran afoul of the code of conduct for U.S. judges by compromising the necessity for a judge to avoid the appearance of partiality in part because of a series of media interviews and public statements responding publicly to criticism of the court.
The judge had ruled that police officers violated the civil rights of tens of thousands of people by wrongly targeting black and Hispanic men with its stop-and-frisk program.
She appointed an outside monitor to oversee major changes, including reforms in policies, training and supervision, and she ordered a pilot program to test body-worn cameras in some precincts where most stops occur.
In August, New York City agreed to end the practice of storing the names and addresses of people whose cases are dismissed after a police stop.
An oral argument on the city's appeal is scheduled for sometime after March 14, 2014.
The stop-and-frisk tactic has been criticized by a number of civil rights advocates.
Stop-and-frisk has been around for decades in some form, but recorded stops increased dramatically under the administration of independent Mayor Michael Bloomberg to an all-time high in 2011 of 684,330, mostly of black and Hispanic men.
A lawsuit was filed in 2004 by four men, all minorities, and became a class action case.
Supporters of changes to the NYPD's stop-and-frisk program say the changes will end unfair practices, will mold a more trusted and effective police force and can affect how other police departments use the policy.
Opponents say the changes would lower police morale but not crime, waste money and not solve a broader problem of a police force under pressure after shrinking by thousands of officers during the last decade.
The judge noted she wasn't putting an end to the stop-and-frisk practice, which is constitutional, but was reforming the way the NYPD implemented its stops.
On the happiness of dreaming camels
Happiness is an oasis that only dreaming camels manage to reach
It was with this piece of Bedouin wisdom that the first ever chairman Wolfgang Henne described the history and fascination behind the "Helping Hands" society.
Saturday evening saw the celebration of the tenth birthday of the organisation, which can already look back on impressive results.
Founding Chairman Henne reported in depth on the work of the organisation.
In 2004, he visited the Cheijk-Zajed Hospital in Nouakchott in Mauritania for the first time.
As a result, an important collaboration was developed and the gynaecologist, Hanne, has performed countless operations on several journeys to the location.
During the speech, images from the trips were shown on a large screen, in order to give the guests at the anniversary event an insight into the initiatives mentioned.
The organisation's desert vehicle was also shown.
It is a former federal border protection vehicle.
Rainer Prewo, the former Lord Mayor of Nagold, made the suggestion of equipping this vehicle with a photovoltaic system and, according to Henne, he is now planning to assume an advisory role within the organisation.
In 2008, the Schleeh carpentry company from Baiersbronn built the hospital station in Socogim, a poor district on the edge of the Capital, in the record time of less than one week - free of charge.
Henne also mentioned a new mother and child hospital in Nouakchott
This is particularly interesting at a time when Nagold is set to do away with its maternity clinic.
You learn a great deal working as a doctor in Africa, said Henne, for example that you should slow down to avoid burn-out.
Due to the political unrest in the country, it has not been possible to make as many journeys as planned, but for this reason, many local doctors have come to Germany, to sit in on lectures on a variety of topics.
In addition, containers with materials are regularly sent to Africa, for example in March of this year when medical devices, medicines, bandaging material, hospital beds and spectacles were sent.
Co-initiator Hans-Joachim Fuchtel himself provided plenty of local colour, telling of Mercedes vehicles in Mauritania converted into mobile goat stalls and sharing the experiences of the Stammheim musicians, who traditionally support the organisation on their trips to Mauritania.
He identified his personal motivation as being his work in the area of auditing as a young member of parliament.
When it became clear to him how much money is wasted, he decided to help the Africans with controlling of their budget by the people.
Fuchtel also emphasised that a global economy requires global human kindness.
The fact that Africa lies closer than many think should by no means be forgotten.
Africa is not at all that far from Gran Canaria.
Coulson used phone hacking to verify tip
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson allegedly used "phone hacking, surveillance and confrontation" in an attempt to confirm a bogus tip about an affair involving then-home secretary Charles Clarke.
Prosecutor Andrew Edis QC told the Old Bailey that the News of the World heard a false rumour in May 2005 that Clarke was seeing his "attractive special adviser," Hannah Pawlby.
The newspaper tasked private investigator Glenn Mulcaire with hacking Pawlby's voicemails and "door-stepped" her, but Coulson also called and left her voicemails, the court heard.
"The prosecution suggests that Mr Coulson, who is now the editor of the NotW, he is not the man who stands outside people's houses hoping to catch them out, he is the man who likes to put the story to people to see what they will say," Mr Edis said.
He said the NotW used three ways to investigate stories: phone hacking, surveillance, and confrontation.
The editor is personally involved in the third.
Obviously he knows about the second, surveillance, he must do.
What about the first?
Does he know about phone hacking?
He says he doesn't, we say "Oh yes, he did".
Rumours about an affair involving Clarke were first picked up by the NotW's features desk when a source who was sexually interested in Ms Pawlby was told: "Don't bother wasting your time, she's with Charles."
A tape of voicemails taken from her phone on at least three occasions was seized from Mulcaire's home in August 2006.
Investigators also found entries on the private investigator's computer which had Ms Pawlby and her sister as "Projects."
During the period she was being investigated, Ms Pawlby's grandparents received anonymous calls asking for information about her, Mr Edis said.
Meanwhile, former chief reporter Neville Thurlbeck and former reporter James Weatherup oversaw surveillance of Ms Pawlby's movements.
Leaving her a voicemail on June 18 2005, Coulson told her: "I've got a story that we're planning to run tomorrow that I really would like to speak to Charles about."
Mr Edis said Coulson's involvement in the story followed the same pattern as with other important men, such as former home secretary David Blunkett.
The jury heard on Thursday that Coulson confronted Mr Blunkett over an affair with a married woman while he was himself seeing co-defendant Rebekah Brooks, who was married at the time.
Coulson and Brooks deny conspiring with others to hack phones between October 3 2000 and August 9 2006.
Mulcaire, Thurlbeck and Weatherup have admitted phone hacking.
In protest against the planned tax on the rich, the French Football Association is set to actually go through with the first strike since 1972.
A mediation meeting comes to an end without resolution.
In the conflict regarding the tax on the wealthy, the government and the professional football association in France have manoeuvred into a cul-de-sac following a failed mediation meeting.
President François Hollande welcomed club and association representatives to Paris' Élysée Palace on Thursday, where he listened to their complaints.
However, he refused to spare the football association from the planned 75% income tax to be imposed on those earning in excess of one million €per year, which every company in the country will have to pay for two years, from 2014.
The opposition also remained adamant.
The strike announced for the end of November will now go ahead, informed the head of the Union of Professional Football Clubs (UCPF), Jean-Pierre Louvel.
The Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 match days scheduled between 29 November and 2 December will thus be cancelled.
Gechingen: Absolute protection not possible
"We want to involve the residents in the planning at as early a stage as possible," said Mayor Jens Häußler, opening the citizen's information event regarding the flood protection concept in Gechingen.
Around 80 participants came to the Gemeindehalle (community hall) to have the planned measures explained to them, to express their concerns and submit ideas.
Häußler made clear: "The final decisions will be made by the members of the Town Council".
Häußler commented that the flood that found Gechingen unprepared on 15 May 2009, was a decisive event in raising the question of protective measures for the future.
A river basin study was commissioned in collaboration with the neighbouring community of Aidlingen, which now forms the basis for the flood protection concept in Gechingen.
"The goal is the protection of as many developed plots of land as possible," said Häußler.
The basis for the plans is the need for protection against expected floods, which statistically occurs every 100 years, according to the German Weather Service.
Climate change is taken into account in the form of an allowance of 15 per cent.
In expert circles this is referred to as "HQ 100aKlima".
The masses of water that caused considerable damage in Gechingen in 2009 was equivalent to a 1,000-year flood.
"There is no such thing as absolute protection, but we can attempt to make a relative improvement," said Häußler.
In order to achieve HQ 100aKlima protection, around four million €must be invested in Gechingen, whereby the town can count on a State subsidy of around 70 per cent.
However, Häußler indicated that the funding would only be provided if an overall concept is developed.
In order to develop such a concept, the town is reliant on the cooperation of its citizens.
A complex planning and approval procedure must be completed.
In a best case scenario, implementation could begin in 2016.
Among other measures, the protection concept, which (we reported) has already been presented to the Town Council during the past week, plans local measures in the tributary to the River Irm, running from the Stammheim Valley.
In conjunction with the presentation of the flood protection concept, the participants made use of the opportunity to submit their concerns.
Among others, the question was raised as to why embankments and detention reservoirs are no longer planned to protect the location.
Gregor Kühn, technical planner at the commissioned engineering company, Hügelsheim-based 'Wald und Corbe', who presented the concept, emphasised that it required the interplay of all proposed measures, in order that their sum might achieve the desired goal.
Furthermore, the most economic solution must be found, said Joachim Wald of Wald und Corbe.
There was resentment among local residents of the old town, who have repeatedly to suffer as a result of the overflowing of the canal network, even during normal thunderstorms.
The problem is known to the administrative department and initial measures have already been taken.
However, Häußler indicated that the guidelines for canal systems are different to those for flood protection, and these must not be confused.
The town is obliged to design the canal network in such a way that it can withstand rainfall events every two to three years.
To make the sewerage channels wider would gobble up millions.
Persons seriously injured following collision
Early on Friday afternoon, two car drivers were seriously injured in a head-on collision on Landesstraße 44 (a rural road).
The police completely blocked off the road immediately, but initially could not make much comment on the cause of the accident.
However, they did mention that there were various witness statements that first had to be assessed.
What is certain is that the 19-year-old female driver of a VW Golf was driving in the direction of Revensdorf and the 38-year-old man from Gettorf came towards her in his Hyundai.
The two vehicles collided, whereby the woman was so severely stuck that it took the fire service almost half an hour to free her from the vehicle wreckage.
Initially the actual cause of the accident remained unclear.
Both unfortunate parties were taken to nearby hospitals.
The road remained fully blocked off for around two hours.
You could call him the Dostoevsky of the USA.
Philip K. Dick was a God seeker, a metaphysician, and to a certain extent his novels and stories also feature recurring themes.
The external likeness is astounding: the piercing eyes, the beard, the high forehead.
And so, as Fyodor M. Dostoevsky - with his massive oeuvre - is considered the revealer and apologist of the Russian soul, Philip K. Dick is considered an American prophet, who is certainly highly esteemed within his own native country.
Some titles have been released by the Heyne Verlag publishing house,the 'Haffman's cassette' featuring 118 stories was distributed by Zweitaudenseins.
Dick illustrates America - the kingdom of breathtaking technical progress, paired with paranoia, a fixation on security and the belief of having been chosen.
Dick had 'God experiences', and his later books read like a mixture of the Book of Revelation and a computer manual.
Perhaps he was crazy, or perhaps drugs had affected his brain.
He realised, early on, that computers are divinities.
He wrote a 'Theology of the Computer' and questioned what separates humans from the machine, the creator from the creation.
That is the "Blade Runner" problem.
Killing.
A master of science fiction.
A fantastic writer.
His stories have inspired film producers such as Ridley Scott, Paul Verhoeven and Steven Spielberg.
The latter story is now particularly significant.
"Minority Report" originates from the year 1956, and exudes the scent of the Cold War and the McCarthy Tribunal.
Here the principle of the "Pre-Crime" is developed, i.e. something that is now more or less official doctrine within the White House.
In Dick's world, which is alarmingly similar to our own, mutants look into the future - and the police have access to this insight.
"We arrest individuals who've broken no law," says the government official.
"We get to them first, before they can commit an act of violence".
And: "In our society we have no major crimes, but we do have a detention camp full of would-be criminals". They read time streams.
They assume that bad things are going to happen and prevent the criminal thought turning into action.
Dick's tale acts as a blueprint for the anti-terror laws and the phone tapping madness of the NSA.
Anticipation of attack: This is also how Obama's drone philosophy and practices work.
However, Dick's story is not yet finished.
The Police Chief argues that there is no more division of power, the military controls daily life - and what is left of the State.
Then the watcher is himself being watched and is convicted of a future crime.
The system slips up.
It is perfect, but it lies.
It devises its own conditions.
It not only accepts errors and victims, but builds itself on them.
The system creates the threat that it is fighting against.
To read Philip K. Dick means to get closer to the truth, time and time again.
Issuing statements regarding the Merkel spying scandal from Russia
The former US intelligence expert, Edward Snowden, may make further statements regarding the US espionage scandal involving Federal Chancellor, Angela Merkel, from his Russian asylum.
Representatives of the German Federal Prosecutor's Office could either submit questions in writing or meet the 30-year-old in person in Russia, reported the Interfax Agency.
Green Party parliament representative, Hans-Christian Ströbele, was yesterday the first German politician to meet with Snowden in Moscow, to discuss the scandal with him.
NSA revelations boost corporate paranoia about state surveillance
On a mild day in late August a German police helicopter buzzed low over the US consulate in Frankfurt, the financial capital of Germany.
On the instruction of the Office for the Protection of the Constitution (BfV), Germany's domestic intelligence agency, its mission was to photograph the rooftop of the US outpost, which is located less than 5km from the European Central Bank and Bundesbank.
German media say the BfV hoped to identify the presence of listening antennas and the action prompted an exchange between the US and the German foreign ministry in Berlin.
James Clapper, US Director of National Intelligence, insisted again in September that the US does not use foreign intelligence capabilities "to steal the trade secrets of foreign companies on behalf of US companies to enhance their international competitiveness or increase their bottom line."
But ever since Edward Snowden, the contractor turned whistleblower, began releasing his treasure trove of US surveillance secrets, European governments and business leaders are no longer sure whether to take the director at his word.
Reports that the US National Security Agency spied on Brazilian oil company Petrobras and gained access to data held by US cloud providers including Google and Yahoo have ratcheted corporate paranoia about state surveillance to new highs.
The final straw came when it was revealed that Chancellor Angela Merkel's phone had been bugged, possibly for about a decade.
If Europe's most powerful person can be targeted, then surely business leaders are also potential targets.
Snowden has made transparent the intensive collaboration between US intelligence services and companies.
I think it's conceivable that these data are used for mutual benefit.
"Germany must wake up," says Oliver Grün, president of BITMi, which represents small and medium sized German IT companies.
German companies believe the US now poses almost as big a risk as China when it comes to industrial espionage and data theft, according to a survey published in July by EY, the consultancy.
In all the documentation leaked by Mr Snowden, there has, however, been no evidence to date that the US has passed on foreign companies' trade secrets to its own companies.
Politicians have expressed concern that the EU lacks certain IT and internet capabilities and should strive to reduce its dependence on the US.
Business leaders are sceptical about this.
Someone in the German parliament says we should build a German Google.
I can only shut my eyes and slowly open them again...
"That's not the way," Hasso Plattner, chairman of German business software company SAP, says.
If one wanted a strong European IT industry, then one shouldn't have let it die out 20 years ago.
Everything is subsidised in Germany, from coal, to cars and farmers.
Everything but the IT industry.
Still, the reach and technical sophistication of US spy agencies exposed by the Snowden revelations have come as a shock to some companies who previously thought the biggest surveillance risk was posed by China.
A big shift is occurring in cloud computing where European executives have become more aware that data stored in the US is subject to that jurisdiction and therefore potentially vulnerable.
According to a survey carried out by the Cloud Security Alliance, a trade body, some 10 per cent of non-US members cancelled plans to use a US-based cloud provider after revelations about the US Prism data mining programme.
Jim Snabe, co-chief executive at SAP, says: "We see a new question from customers that didn't come up a year ago - which is where is my data stored and can you guarantee that it stays physically in that jurisdiction."
Many German executives argue that the latest reports are simply confirmation of what they already knew: that powerful states want to steal their most prized secrets and these data must therefore be guarded at all costs.
That economic spying takes place is not a surprise.
It has always taken place.
"This has been a topic for many years and hasn't fundamentally changed through the current discussion," says Kurt Bock, chief executive of chemical maker BASF.
The Americans spy on us on the commercial and industrial level as we spy on them too, because it is in the national interest to defend our businesses.
Corporate leaders are not generally keen to boast about the countermeasures they have taken, in case this hands an advantage to an attacker.
For large companies, the message has long since been drummed home that picking up a free USB stick at a trade fair, or leaving a laptop unguarded in a hotel room are unwise, to say the least.
Ulrich Hackenberg, board member at carmaker Audi, says it has been standard practice for years for mobile phones to be collected before board meetings so they cannot be used as remote listening devices.
Germany's BfV advises executives to consider using simple prepaid mobiles when on foreign trips because of the risk that smart phones are compromised.
The prepaid mobiles are then thrown away afterwards.
However, there is concern that small and medium-sized companies remain vulnerable to hacking and surveillance.
In Germany, many of these companies are global market leaders in their particular niche.
"Small and medium sized companies often lack the experience, personnel and financial resources to protect corporate secrets effectively against unauthorised access," the BfV warns in a report.
The US warns its own companies about economic espionage by other countries.
The US National Intelligence Estimate in February named France alongside Russia and Israel in a second tier of offenders who engage in hacking for economic intelligence, behind China, according to The Washington Post.
A board member at a German blue-chip company concurred that when it comes to economic espionage, "the French are the worst."
Bernard Squarcini, former head of the French internal intelligence agency DCRI, was quoted in an interview this month as saying: "The services know perfectly well that all countries, even as they co-operate in the antiterrorist fight, spy on their allies."
Hechingen: Trade fair provides the answers to wedding questions
"Marriage is and remains the most important journey of discovery a person can undertake," said the philosopher Sören Kierkegaard.
Tips, at least as to how the wedding celebration can be a success, have now been given at a special trade fair in the Domäne in Hechingen.
Important suppliers of all wedding-related products and services were represented.
A trend: The retro look is back once again.
This begins with the wedding clothing.
White is a must, best muted or in cream.
At the front, dresses with numerous ruffles and embroidery are in, often with a veil, while to the rear they run down the back and often end in a train.
However, opinions differ, as Stefanie Koch from the Modehaus Kleidermüller emphasised.
For men, suits with a waistcoat and neckerchief are most popular, although some people do choose cream or brown combinations.
Selecting the venue is important, it was explained.
Plain adjoining rooms are not ideal, the ambience should be special.
In this regard, the Domäne drew attention to their own facilities in the carriage house.
Uwe Link has an offer for anyone who wants to set off in a carriage.
"However, carriages are also popular for hen parties," he commented.
People were also on the lookout for romantic ideas for invitations, flower arrangements and wedding photographs.
The "After-Wedding Photo" is becoming increasingly fashionable - that is, series of pictures taken a few days after the celebration, at special locations, preferably in front of waterfalls or the like, but in full wedding clothing, explained Elisabeth Keidel.
Many other details for a successful wedding were presented in the Domäne on Sunday.
Flower arrangements, rings, wedding tables, cakes and also a magician, such as Marko Ripperger, who can entertain guests with style.
The correct cosmetics and nail care mustn't be forgotten.
Everything you need for an unforgettable celebration.
Dog-lovers victorious
Once again the athletes from the Bitz dog-lovers association were victorious at a Rally Obedience Tournament.
Achim Scherrenbacher started things off in Kandel with two dogs; with his bitch Sandy he achieved 94 points in the Beginners class and thus took fifth place, while with 15-month-old Marley he took twelfth place with 87 points.
With her dog Woody competing in the Class 1 competition, Susi Höpp was subject to the critical scrutiny of the judge.
Parents of Georgia teen who died in 'freak accident' believe son was murdered
The parents of a Georgia teenager, whose body was found inside a rolled-up wrestling mat in his high school gym, believe their son was murdered, the family's attorney said Thursday.
Kendrick Johnson, of Valdosta, Ga., was found Jan. 11 stuck in an upright mat propped behind the bleachers inside his high school gym.
Lowndes County sheriff's investigators concluded Johnson died in a freak accident, but the 17-year-old's family disputes that.
"They absolutely think their son was murdered," Benjamin Crump, an attorney representing Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson, told FoxNews.com.
They never believed he died the way the sheriff concluded.
"They believe that it defies logic, the laws of physics as well as common sense," Crump said.
They think this is a cover-up to protect the person or people responsible for their son's death.
"They sent their son to school with a book-bag and he was returned to them in a body bag," he said.
U.S. Attorney Michael Moore said Thursday he is conducting a formal investigation into Johnson's death, noting that several key questions remain unanswered.
What was the cause of death?
Was his death the result of a crime?
Moore said at a press conference Thursday afternoon.
I will follow the facts wherever they lead.
My objective is to discovery the truth.
"I am of the opinion that a sufficient basis exists" for a formal investigation, he said.
Moore told reporters that the initial autopsy indicated Johnson died as a result of "positional asphyxia."
A second autopsy, however, listed a different cause of death, according to Moore.
"There are several questions that must be answered or confirmed," he said.
Moore added that if he uncovers sufficient evidence to warrant a criminal or civil rights investigation into the death of Johnson he will ask the FBI to conduct it.
A representative from the Lowndes County Sheriff's Office was not immediately available for comment when contacted Thursday.
A southern Georgia judge on Wednesday ordered authorities to release all surveillance video that investigators reviewed.
The teenager's parents said they hope the video footage will contain clues to how he died.
CDC issues children's allergy guidelines for schools
On Wednesday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention released a set of guidelines to manage children's food allergies at school.
This is the first set of such guidelines the U.S. government has put out, as the number of school-age children suffering from food allergies climbs.
One in 20 children in the United States now have food allergies.
The CDC found the prevalence of food allergies among children increased 18 percent between 1997 and 2007.
The guide contains information for schools on how to make faculty and staff aware of children's food allergies, and how to handle them should an allergic reaction occur.
It also recommends schools have epinephrine stocked -- the EpiPen brand auto-injector being most commonly used -- to respond to potentially fatal anaphylaxis.
State legislatures have recently been updating rules to allow schools to stock epinephrine more easily.
The report also includes a list of typical symptoms communicated by children who are having an allergic reaction.
Kids may say, "It feels like something is poking my tongue," "My tongue feels like there is hair on it," or "My tongue is tingling."
Parents of Intersex Kids Can Pick 'Gender Undetermined'
Germany became the first European nation to recognize a third gender for babies born with ambiguous genitalia.
No longer will newborns be rigidly assigned to male or female.
The new law doesn't require parents to declare any gender for such children, allowing parents to declare gender "undetermined" or "unspecified" on their birth certificates.
The aim of the law was to take the pressure off parents who might make hasty decisions on sex-assignment surgery for newborns, and to fight discrimination against those who are intersex.
One intersex person, according to the BBC, said years later, "I am neither a man nor a woman."
I will remain the patchwork created by doctors, bruised and scarred.
An estimated one in 2,000 children born each year is neither boy nor girl.
They are intersex, part of a group of about 60 conditions that fall under the diagnosis of disorders of sexual development, an umbrella term for those with atypical chromosomes, gonads (ovaries or testes), or unusually developed genitalia.
Wallis Simpson may have been intersex.
Gender identification is still not well understood, but most experts in the United States say that when sex cannot be determined, it's better to use the best available information to assign it then to wait and monitor the child's psychological and physical development before undertaking surgery, if at all.
New York City psychiatrist Dr. Jack Drescher, who specializes in issues of gender identification, said the new German law "sounds like a good thing."
Intersex children pose ethical dilemma.
"Some people have life-endangering conditions that require surgery, but most kids do not," he said.
You can make a gender assignment without surgery, and then see how identity develops.
The science of knowing how a child will develop any gender identity is not very accurate.
Nobody can answer the questions about why this happens.
It's like the mystery of why people are gay.
A report filed to the European Commission in 2011 described intersex people as different from transsexual or transgender people, as their status is not gender related but instead relates to their biological makeup, which is neither exclusively male nor exclusively female, but is typical of both at once or not clearly defined as either.
These features can manifest themselves in secondary sexual characteristics, such as muscle mass, hair distribution, breasts and stature; primary sexual characteristics such as reproductive organs and genitalia; or in chromosomal structures and hormones.
The report also gives an overview of the discrimination faced by intersex and transgender people in the realm of employment, as well as levels of harassment, violence and bias crimes.
Gender nonconforming boys now have special camp.
Already, Australia and Nepal allow adults to mark male, female or a "third gender" on their official documents.
In June, a 52-year-old Australian, Norrie May-Welby, became the world's first recognized "genderless" person after winning a legal appeal to keep an "unspecified" gender status for life.
German passports will have a third designation other than M or F -- X, for intersex, according to the Interior Ministry.
In neighboring France, gender issues are still controversial, according to a news report on France 24.
In 2011, dozens of French lawmakers from that strongly Catholic country signed a petition for "gender theory" to be withdrawn from school textbooks.
The U.S. website Catholic Online has also opposed the German law, writing that "as the world is being dragged into a new state, where gender is a choice, but sexual activity is not, we reverse two more pillars of civilization."
One Maryland mother of a newborn also told the Baby Zone that she would rather see babies assigned gender at birth.
"Parenting is stressful enough without extra limitations, especially if you don't know the gender of your child," she told the parenting website.
Children need stability and certainty.
Historically, children born with both male and female genitalia were called hermaphrodites, named for the handsome Greek god who had dual sexuality.
And as little as a decade ago, the medical community thought of gender as a slate that could be erased and then redrawn.
But now, many are challenging the ethical basis of surgery, knowing that gender identity is complex, and doctors can sometimes get it wrong, not knowing how a child will feel about their gender assignment when they grow up.
"Back in the middle of the 20th century, it was called a 'psychiatric emergency,'" said Drescher.
When these kids were born, you didn't call the psychiatrist, you called a surgeon.
The prevailing theory on how to treat children with ambiguous genitalia was put forward by Dr. John Money at Johns Hopkins University, who held that gender was malleable.
He coined the term "gender identity" and argued that social and environmental cues -- how parents raised a child -- interacted with a child's genes and hormones to shape whether the person identified as male or female.
But in one 1966 case, known as "John/Joan," his theories became controversial.
He advised the parents of a boy whose penis had been severed in a botched circumcision to have the child fully castrated, removing his testicles, as well, and to raise him as a girl.
"Money presented the case as a successful case of transition, but it was not," said Drescher.
When the boy was around 15, he transitioned back to a boy and married a woman.
But at 38, he committed suicide.
Drescher said that now some doctors are still "practicing that model."
But in the 1990s, with the advent of the Internet, survivors of these gender surgeries have come forward "not happy with the outcome."
Such was the case with Jim Bruce, a 36-year-old writer from Montana, who was born with XY male chromosomes but ambiguous genitals.
Doctors couldn't be sure if he had a large clitoris or a small penis and were convinced he could never live a "satisfactory life" as a man.
So shortly after his birth in 1976, Bruce's external organ and testes were surgically removed and he was raised as a girl.
He was given female hormones at age 12.
"I knew that I wasn't a girl," he told ABCNews.com.
I was unhappy, but it was really difficult to ask questions.
At 18, he was set for a vaginoplasty.
But depressed and knowing something was wrong, he demanded medical records.
What he found out was horrifying.
I was sterilized at birth -- and no one ever told me.
Bruce was born with a DSD that prevented his body from producing enough testosterone to properly develop his genitals.
After learning the truth, he changed back to a man, taking testosterone shots and having his breasts removed.
Surgery rendered him infertile.
Today, he advocates for others in an organization called the Interface Project, trying to normalize perceptions of those who are intersex.
But Anne Tamar-Mattis, executive director for California-based legal group Advocates for Informed Choice, worries that the German law "invites labeling and stigma."
"A lot of activists are concerned that what the German rule will do is encourage parents to make quick decisions and give the child an 'undetermined,'" she said.
We are afraid it will encourage intervention.
We think a better process is assigning male or female sex, then waiting.
But we haven't seen how the law will play out, so all we can do is speculate.
Tamar-Mattis said that her organization supports the Australian law because "it allows adults to choose to be recognized in a third gender."
"Adults should be able to make their own decisions about legal gender," she said.
German law is about assigning it at birth.
That is not a battle young children should have to take up at this point.
When they are grown, they can make decisions about their own bodies.
But Dr. Arlene Baratz, a Pittsburgh breast radiologist who has a daughter with a disorder of sexual development and helps hundreds of others in a support group, said the German law will "empower" both parents and children.
Baratz's daughter Katie was born with male chromosomes, but has a DSD called complete androgen insensitivity syndrome.
Because her androgen receptors are faulty, Katie developed female characteristics.
She has a vagina, but no uterus or ovaries.
Now at 29, Katie is married and at the University of Pennsylvania, a resident in child psychiatry.
Though she is infertile, she hopes to become a parent through adoption or gestational surrogacy.
"The law gives parents some space not to have to rush into making decisions themselves," said Baratz.
It gives them the time to do some tests and figure it out and a period of time before they write 'male' or 'female.'
This way, you are OK -- raise the child, love the child.
You have a wonderful baby and enjoy the fun.
We don't have to rush into surgery that is irreversible.
"It brings the children into the decision and takes away the anxiety that motivates parents because they don't feel they are doing the right thing," she said.
Ultimately, the child will decide which sex he or she feels more comfortable with -- and that's a wonderful thing.
It empowers children to make the decision for themselves.
Unknown attackers injure girl with shots fired from car
Unknown attackers have injured a twelve-year-old girl in Saxony-Anhalt when firing shots from a car.
The assailants fired on a group of children on Thursday evening in Genthin, presumably with an air gun.
This was announced by the police in Burg.
The girl suffered minor injury to her left calf.
Rescue workers took the girl to the hospital.
The shots came from a small car, which drove past a group of six children and suddenly stopped.
Witnesses saw two people sitting in the car.
The assailants also fired shots at a bus stop.
A pane of glass was shattered.
They then drove away.
The Criminal Investigation Department is investigating the matter, it was stated on Friday.
Thus far, the Kempten Police Department can look back on a calm Halloween night.
The authorities were only called out twice to deal with children throwing eggs against houses.
Because the home owners realised this immediately, the egg remnants could be cleaned off at once, meaning that no material damage occurred.
Furthermore, in the town centre area, while a few fireworks were set off, no material damage was caused here either.
The residents of the Bischof-Freundorfer-Weg reported that a car was wrapped in toilet paper and its wheel trims stolen.
However, the man found all his wheel trims nearby prior to the police arriving, on account of which no further police involvement was required.
Living with a future-oriented perspective
If truth be told, Waltraud Ries, lives a dreamy life.
Her house is located in a peaceful neighbourhood in Stuttgart, with plenty of greenery, an old tree population, nice neighbours and not too much traffic.
She is only a few minutes from the city centre using public transport.
"Hopefully you aren't afraid of spiders?" asks Waltraud Ries, pointing out a large spider on the door frame.
I have been looking for a new home for my husband and myself for some time now.
But you know how difficult that is in Stuttgart.
However, the reason for the desire to move is not arachnophobia, but rather the fear of not being able to manage the large number of steps up to their house, and inside their home in their old age, she explained.
Furthermore: Since undergoing a meniscus operation, the lady, in her mid-fifties, has had to experience for herself what it means to move from floor to floor with a disability.
Only recently, she released a book on the subject of "Living happily in old age - Which type of property is the best for me?".
"Our home is the best example of a property that simply doesn't work in old age," she begins to recount.
When she moved to the maisonette with her husband 20 years ago, it was simply just a pretty apartment in green surroundings.
Now, in her mid-fifties, Waltraud Ries has different thoughts about it.
However, she is aware that she is one of the few people to actually deal with the topic of 'living in old age'.
The majority of people put it to the back of their minds for as long as possible.
Only other people get old, she says, smirking.
Only when the psychological strain becomes severe do people give it consideration.
"But at this stage it can be too late," said Ries.
In her book, the interior decorator presents 17 housing models for independent living in old age.
"However, which type of residence you choose is always a personal decision," she explains.
There is no solution to overcoming old age.
Even if you can afford to spend your retirement in Tuscany or Brittany, you should always take the fact that you may become ill into consideration.
And: 'Without a sound knowledge of the local language, you can even become lonely when living the dolce vita,' added the author, providing food for thought for those seeking to move abroad.
Her models include classic care models, alternative living arrangements and the often-mentioned pensioners' living community.
In old age everyone has their quirks and ticks.
'However, this type of residential community would not be for me,' she commented with a wink.
Definitely nothing like student accommodation with a shared bathroom and kitchen.
'In old age you simply need your own space to withdraw to,' said Ries.
However, the author does not wish to rule out the possibility that a pensioners' residential community can work.
However, it must operate differently to the classic student digs.
And sometimes you also just want your peace and quiet,' she believes.
With this opinion she is at least not alone in the State Capital.
The experience of Theresa Rütten, head of the citizen's Life in Old Age service in the State Capital, is also that 'the majority of old people in Stuttgart want to remain in their own homes for as long as possible'.
Her agency agency advises people on the topic of 'growing old'.
Therefore the experience of the Stiftung Warentest consumer study is also that elderly people in particular would accept inconveniences and limitations just to be able to remain in their usual environment.
Nowadays there are many possibilities for designing the house or apartment in such a way as to be barrier-free.
Ries recommends that all those working on the age-appropriate renovation of their house or apartment first seek out in-depth information and don't simply use the first tradesman that comes along.
Nowadays there are specialists in renovation to suit the needs of the elderly.
Even in the case of rental apartments some landlords can have this work carried out, even if it is just a matter of raising the level of the toilet seat, clarified the interior designer.
However, it is not always the case that your existing apartment can be made age-appropriate and therefore barrier-free, even if it is as beautiful as ever.
Waltraud Ries had to go through this experience herself.
You could of course install a stair lift inside the apartment, but the cobbled path up to the door of the apartment, featuring a number of steps would be a much greater hindrance.
She will keep looking until she has found the ideal property for herself and her husband.
She is more afraid of the move than of the spider on her front door.
The USA still want to prosecute Snowden
The USA have not changed their position regarding the former US Secret Service employee Edward Snowden.
He is still accused of passing on secret information without authorisation.
He must therefore face criminal proceedings in the USA, said the spokesperson for the US Foreign Office, Jennifer Psaki, in Washington.
Even the most recent statements from Snowden will not change this fact.
Following a recent meeting with Snowden in Moscow, German Green Party politician Hans-Christian Ströbele appealed to the USA not to continue to threaten him with prosecution.
Psaki emphasised that Ströbele's comments were the views of a parliamentarian, and not those of a German government member.
Secret Service whistleblower, Edward Snowden is, in principle, willing to hold a discussion with the German authorities.
However, he first wishes for his situation to be clarified.
This was made clear by the former NSA employee, currently sought by the USA, in an open letter that Green Party politician Hans-Christian Ströbele made public on Friday following a meeting with Snowden, and passed on to the Federal Government, the Federal Parliament and the Federal Public Prosecutor General.
The letter was purported to have been worded as follows:
To whom it may concern,
I have been invited to write to you regarding your investigation of mass surveillance.
I am Edward Joseph Snowden, formerly employed through contracts or direct hire as a technical expert for the United States National Security Agency, and Defense Intelligence Agency.
In the course of my service to these organizations, I believe I witnessed systemic violations of law by my government that created a moral duty to act.
As a result of reporting these concerns, I have faced a severe and sustained campaign of persecution that forced me from my family and home.
I am currently living in exile under a grant of temporary asylum in the Russian Federation in accordance with international law.
I am heartened by the response to my act of political expression, in both the United States and beyond.
Citizens around the world as well as high officials - including in the United States - have judged the revelation of an unaccountable system of pervasive surveillance to be a public service.
These spying revelations have resulted in the proposal of many new laws and policies to address formerly concealed abuses of the public trust.
The benefits to society of this growing knowledge are becoming increasingly clear at the same time that claimed risks are being shown to have been mitigated.
Though the outcome of my efforts has been demonstrably positive, my government continues to treat dissent as defection, and seeks to criminalize political speech with felony charges that provide no defence.
However, speaking the truth is not a crime.
I am confident that with the support of the international community, the government of the United States will abandon this harmful behaviour.
I hope that when the difficulties of this humanitarian situation have been resolved, I will be able to cooperate in the responsible finding of facts regarding reports in the media, particularly with regard to the truth and authenticity of documents, as appropriate and in accordance with the law.
I look forward to speaking with you in your country when the situation is resolved, and thank you for your efforts in upholding the international laws that protect us all.
Edward Snowden, as witnessed by Hans-Christian Ströbele
A kindergarten has found a private buyer
"The building is in good hands," said Winterlingen's Mayor Michael Maier.
The local authorities have sold the former Kindergarten on Gartenstraße to a private buyer.
The Town Council consented to the sale in its most recent meeting, during the part of the meeting that was not open to the public.
The building changed hands for an "appropriate" price.
"The local authorities are satisfied," emphasised Maier.
EUR 100,000 have been added to the local budget.
It is not yet clear how the new owner will use the former Kindergarten.
The Mayor considers it the right decision that Winterlingen has handed over responsibility for the building to someone else before the winter, and thus will no longer have to pay for the upkeep of the building, such as heating it, tending to the garden and clearing the pavement.
"This expense has now been offloaded," Maier was glad to say.
Open-air concert accompanied by high summer temperatures.
The Hammereisenbach Music Society gave an open-air concert on the terrace of the Hammer Guest House.
When conductor, Bianca Willmann, raised the baton at 7:30 p.m., the thermometer was still reading 25 degrees.
Around 50 listeners enjoyed the sounds of the Hammrich musicians.
Chairperson, Manuela Honeck, provided explanation to accompany the pieces.
In so doing, Honeck thanked all those who had helped successfully manage the first Musikerhock.
Report: Obama campaign considered dumping Biden for Hillary Clinton
President Barack Obama's closest advisers secretly considered replacing Vice President Joe Biden with Hillary Clinton on the 2012 ticket, according to the New York Times.
The revelation is the most notable bombshell from Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's heavily anticipated 2012 campaign tome, "Double Down: Game Change 2012."
The Times obtained a copy of the forthcoming book and reported Thursday evening that the President's top aides conducted "extensive group-sessions and polling in late 2011" to gauge whether the dumping Biden could help bolster Obama's waning re-election hopes.
According to the Times' national political correspondent Jonathan Martin, the book provides a thorough account of the effort by senior officials inside the campaign and the White House, namely former White House Chief of Staff Bill Daley, to measure what effect swapping former Secretary of State Clinton for the Vice President would have in the polls.
The potential switch was a closely guarded secret within the Chicago campaign infrastructure and inside the Oval Office.
Only half a dozen of the President's closest advisers -- including Daley, former Obama campaign chief Jim Messina, and former White House senior advisers David Axelrod and David Plouffe -- knew the change was under consideration.
"Double Down" claims Daley spearheaded the effort to replace Biden, despite their "close personal rapport," before ultimately deciding against the move when their data showed adding Clinton to the ticket wouldn't "materially improve Obama's odds."
In an interview with Martin, Daley confirmed that the administration did in fact consider replacing Biden with Clinton.
"I was vocal about looking into a whole bunch of things, and this was one of them," Daley told the paper.
You have to remember, at that point the President was in awful shape, so we were like, "Holy Christ, what do we do?"
While Daley characterized the research as "due diligence," Martin told CNN's Anderson Cooper that the re-election campaign made a significant investment in finding out whether the move would pay dividends at the polls.
"Campaigns don't spend the kind of money on polling and focus groups unless they're seriously considering something," Martin said on AC360.
It's unclear, however, whether Obama knew his team was exploring the swap.
Martin told CNN that he asked Daley whether his then-boss knew about the potential shuffle.
While Daley said he doesn't think the President "was aware" of the potential change, the former chief of staff admitted that it's "possible" Obama knew.
Martin added that "Double Down" does not definitively answer whether the political probing reached Obama's desk.
Cooper asked Martin whether he seriously thought Obama did not know about the research into dumping Biden from the ticket.
"Possibly," Martin replied.
What happens with my e-mail when in transit?
E-mail is short for electronic mail.
Are there technical measures to maintain privacy of correspondence, similar to that of the traditional postal service, implemented into the design of this Internet-based service?
When designing the early Internet services, the focus lay on making communication possible.
Thus, when developing the underlying technical protocols, no attention was given to creating a stable foundation for the interception-proof exchange of mail.
For this reason, a traditional email is more like an open postcard than a sealed letter.
When user "Anna" sends an email to "Benni", are the pair's computers then directly connected?
Anna's email program or browser first sends the mail to her service provider's mail server.
If she has a Gmail account, for example, this would be Google.
This mail server sends the content to the provider that Benni uses.
En route, the mail can pass through any number of other servers on the Internet.
Benni can then call up the content from his provider.
Are traditional e-mails read by third parties on their journey through the net?
The majority of e-mails are read several times by software robots en route to the recipient.
Checks are generally carried out by the sender's provider as to whether the mail contains malware as an attachment.
A virus check is also carried out on the recipient systems.
In addition, the providers check whether it is nuisance or unwanted spam mail, which are deleted immediately or at least sorted into a spam folder.
Do the robots have other tasks?
In the case of systems such as Gmail, the robots also identify the information that Google requires for displaying context-based advertising.
If Anna and Benni communicate about their upcoming holiday travels via Gmail, Google can display corresponding links to holiday offers.
Do unknown individuals also read the e-mails?
The probability of unauthorised persons reading a mail is extremely low.
However, theoretically, it is possible.
Within companies, administrators are often able to read electronic mail that is sent.
Law enforcement authorities and Secret Services also have legal authorisation to intercept or take note of e-mails.
This may include potential illegal spying activities.
Is it possible to protect e-mails against being read?
With an encryption using the OpenPGP standard, an e-mail can be effectively protected against being read.
With great technical effort, it is also possible to conceal the metadata of email communication so that it is not even possible to tell who is communicating with whom.
How important are Yahoo and Google within the e-mail market in Germany?
According to a study conducted by Convios Consulting in August 2013, among the main mail services in private use, Yahoo and Google play only a minor role.
While the number of Yahoo Mail accounts has fallen recently, Google's Gmail managed to grow considerably.
Mother buried in shallow forest grave and pension stolen
When his elderly mother died, a man from Wolfsburg devised a plan.
He buried the deceased in a forest - and continued to collect her pension and care allowance.
According to police investigations, a 67-year-old Wolfsburg resident buried his dead mother in the woods in order that he might continue to collect her pension and care allowance.
He first covered up the death of the 89-year-old and then pocketed the money for more than a year and a half.
The 67-year-old must now face charges of fraud, said a spokesperson on Friday.
According to the statement, the man hid the woman in a forest near Helmstedt.
The man was already under suspicion back in May: At that time the fact that medications for his care-reliant mother were no longer required drew suspicion.
The pensioner told investigators that his mother had travelled to Spain.
The officials found this strange and so continued to investigate.
It was discovered that the mother and son had lived in the same residence for more than 15 years and that he had cared for her in her final days.
The 67-year-old finally acknowledged the death of his mother.
According to police, an autopsy showed no evidence of any capital offence.
Fancy a glow-in-the-dark ice cream?
A British entrepreneur has created the world's first glow-in-the-dark ice cream - using jellyfish.
Charlie Francis has harnessed the fluorescent properties of the marine animal to develop the luminescent snack.
He came up with the idea after reading a research paper on jellyfish and convinced scientists in China to chemically recreate the glowing protein.
The ice cream reacts with the eater's tongue - raising the pH level in the protein and making it glow.
Chris says because the ice cream lights up when it reacts with the heat of the mouth it means the more you lick, the brighter it becomes.
Charlie, founder of the "Lick Me I'm Delicious" ice cream company, said: "It is incredible stuff but still at very early days in terms of production, so £200 gets you about 2g of the stuff."
The protein we are using in the ice cream reacts with your tongue at neutral pH.
So as your mouth warms up the protein it will raise the pH level and the ice cream will glow.
We have been testing it out over the past few months and it seemed perfect to share it over Halloween because it gives that wonderful glow effect.
It is probably the most expensive ice cream I have made because the jellyfish luminescence is four times more expensive than gold.
So each scoop costs me around £140.
It tastes pretty good though.
Charlie's experimental company, based in Bristol, is famed for its unusual flavours including beer, cheese, beef and gold leaf.
But his next creation is set to be even more ambitious.
He said: "I really want to develop an invisible ice cream."
It is inherently impossible because of the refraction caused by the ice crystals which make up the ice cream, but I reckon we will find a way of doing it.
The ice cream harnesses the fluorescent properties of a jellyfish, synthesized by Chinese scientists
After six match days, TSV Morsum are yet to score a single point in the Handball Association League.
And of all possible times, Ingo Ehler's team has a derby match against TSV Daverden tomorrow, which celebrated their first victory last week.
The season begins afresh for us with this match.
"I hope that we finally have our heads clear," commented Ehlers, remaining cautiously optimistic.
For this match he finally has his complete squad available, with the exception of Hendrick Blohme who is out with long-term injury.
Like us, Daverden place emphasis on high tempo play.
For this reason, we must keep our errors to a minimum.
However, the top priority is to improve our cover play, which has recently left much to be desired.
Daverden's coach Thomas Panitz comes across as much more relaxed following his team's first victory of the season against Nordhorn.
The match was of course a indication of what we are capable of.
However, it by no means makes us favourites, as anything can happen in the derby.
Nonetheless, Panitz is now looking to come up with the goods in Morsum and thus start a winning streak.
Jan-Malte Jodat will not be playing.
Thus, A-Youth player Joost Windßuß, who plays an active part for A-Youth League team HC Bremen, will be celebrating his season début.
Anyone who is not fired up for a game like this should stay at home.
Halloween 2013: By the Numbers
When I was little, Halloween was magical.
My sister and I were allowed to eat candy, stay up late and play dress-up for the neighborhood.
Nowadays, I've become more of a scrooge.
I haven't signed up for the past two years to give out candy in my apartment and probably won't this year.
But stats show that I'm a black sheep when it comes to Halloween.
The majority of Americans - 158 million of them in fact - will be celebrating Halloween this year, spending a total of $6.9 billion on candy, costumes and decorations, according to the National Retail Federation.
One thing I do look forward to every Halloween are the trends.
Costumes are expected to account for $1.2 billion dollars out of the $6.9 billion spent, according to the NRF.
This year, sexy inanimate objects are all the rage.
Women don't have to be sexy professionals anymore; they can also be sexy foods like pizza, hamburgers and carrots.
As for men, I expect we will be seeing a lot of zombies, thanks to The Walking Dead and I'll bet the Daft Punk space men will make it into our Instagram feeds this year.
According to Google, the highest searched costumes are zombies, Batman, pirates and witches.
I guess there's nothing wrong with going traditional.
We dressed our dogs up last year and to my amazement we were not alone.
In fact, Americans will spend $330 million on pet costumes this year, according to the NRF.
That's a lot of ironic hotdog dogs.
When it comes to candy, we don't screw around.
Americans will spend $1.9 billion on it this year, according to The Nielsen Company.
That's around 600 million pounds worth of Hershey bars, lollipops, Milk Duds, Twizzlers and Clark Bars.
That's great news for the 41 million trick-or-treaters set to take over our neighborhoods, according to the U.S. Commerce Department.
In fact, we will buy and, who are we kidding, consume 90 million pounds of chocolate during Halloween.
The one thing we don't want to consume, candy corn; and yet nearly 35 million pounds of it are sold around Halloween, according to the National Confectioners Association.
That's about 9 billion individual kernels of corn.
It's a mystery I have yet to solve.
Nothing is more quintessentially Halloween than haunted houses.
They have the best names, like "Terror Behind the Walls" (which, by the way is in an actual prison), "Howl-O-Scream" and "The House of Shock."
In fact, there are 1,200 officially sanctioned haunted houses in the United States generating about $500 million in revenue, according to America Haunts, and that includes those awesome photos of you mid-peeing your pants that your friend puts on Facebook and you can't take down and then that guy you like sees the photo and leaves a comment like "nice face."
Finally, let's talk pumpkins.
Charlie Brown introduced us to The Great Pumpkin when we were kids, and carving a jack-o-lantern is like decorating a Christmas tree - it's something we've done since we were little.
Lucky for us, the "baby in a pumpkin trend" started only last year thanks to Pinterest, so most of us grew up carving these gourds not sitting in them.
This year, Americans will spend around $106 million on pumpkins, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
The jack-o-lantern slowly withering on your front porch probably came from Illinois, which grew 542 million pounds of pumpkin this year.
If you're looking for extra credit, call Tim and Susan Mathisdon in Napa, Calif., and try to carve up their 2,032 pound pumpkin.
House fire in Helmbrechts: Rescue services retrieve charred body
The fire service were called out to Helmbrechts late on Thursday evening.
A three-bedroom house in the district of Hof catches fire during the night.
Rescue workers retrieve a charred body from the house.
During a fire in Helmbrechts, rescue services found a charred body in a three-bedroom house.
Whether this person was living in the house is as yet unclear, said a police spokesperson in Bayreuth.
Late on Thursday evening, fire broke out on the ground floor of the house.
When the fire service arrived, the flames were already bursting out of a window.
Rescue workers entered the premises and found the body in a bedroom.
This and another bedroom were completely burnt out.
The entire ground floor suffered damage.
There were no other residents at home during the fire, continued the police spokesperson.
For the time being, the house is no longer habitable.
The precise cause of the fire was initially unclear.
Germany's largest national church has launched a campaign advertising the minister's position.
This comes at the same time as a possible shortage of ministers: The Protestant Lutheran Regional Church of Hanover calculates that, as things stand, the current number of around 1,800 pastors will be halved by 2030.
For the young people of today, the career is very attractive and offers good future prospects, said Pastor Mathis Burfien (43) in a conversation with the Protestant Press Service.
It is attractive to be able to determine your own daily working routine.
With Burfien, the regional church has for first time commissioned a minister to work full time, endeavouring to inspire young people to study theology.
At present, fewer and fewer young people are deciding to study theology after their Abitur examinations (equivalent to A levels).
Burfien puts this down to the process of secularisation: "God's voice is quiet, the world is loud".
The job is characterised by great freedom and variety.
I am the master of my own schedule and can therefore turn my focus to what is important to me.
As pastoral workers, ministers can be close to people.
They earn as much as teachers and can make a good living.
Of course wages are higher within the private sector, but on the other hand, theologians have a secure employer.
This would suit the young people of today, as it is not just about your career, but about having a meaningful job as well.
According to information from the Regional Church, which covers three quarters of Lower Saxony, around 60 pastors retire every year.
At the same time, around 40 theology graduates begin as vicars.
In future it may be difficult to fill positions in sparsely populated outlying areas such as Harz, Emsland or Wendland.
Among other initiatives, Burfien wants to organise study days for young people, inviting famous faces who have studied theology.
Theology courses offer broad training.
You can even become Federal President with a theology degree.
Land Rover rally series announced
The interior has racing seats and six-point harness belts, as well as an intercom system.
Options include upgraded brakes, a service package providing access to Bowler Works mechanics, logistic support, and vehicle storage between events.
Drew Bowler, the managing director of Bowler Motorsport, said: "Rally customers coming to Bowler have changed."
They're not all experienced racers, but people looking for excitement and adventure, and an achievable path towards world-class events.
We're delighted to be offering this path in partnership with Land Rover and the MSA, and believe the format offers a new way to experience different rally disciplines in the UK and overseas, and prepare entrants for the rigours and realities of Rally Raid.
We've really enjoyed developing the Defender Challenge car - it'll be a really fun championship.
Additionally, the Defender Challenge will provide a training and test day in February, as well as the option to compete in desert events in North Africa and the Middle East.
Fire crews called to rescue lost puppy after she got stuck 50ft above the ground on precarious ledge in a quarry
Cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after she was in a minor road crash
She was spotted three days later by a dog walker trapped in the quarry
Firefighters abseil down cliff face to pluck the dog from certain death
A puppy had a lucky escape after fire crews were called to lift her to safety when she somehow got herself stuck 50ft up on a precarious cliff ledge.
Nine month-old cocker spaniel Ruby had run off after being involved in a road crash on Sunday afternoon and survived three days alone before being rescued from a quarry on Wednesday.
Her owners Scott Alderson, 25, and his girlfriend Becky Hall, 20, were at Flappit Quarry in Denholme, West Yorkshire, to be reunited with Ruby and have thanked West Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service.
They had searched frantically for their missing dog and posted appeals on social networking sites after she had ran into the quarry following the minor accident.
At around 2.15pm on Wednesday, an eagle-eyed dog walker spotted Ruby on the ledge in the quarry, stranded 50ft up.
A Technical Rescue Team from Cleckheaton Fire Station rushed to the scene and abseiled down to rescue Ruby and used a pet tube to transport her up the cliff.
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Andy Clayton said: 'She was in a precarious situation.
She was right in the middle of the cliff face - 50ft from the top and bottom.
She did not move a muscle during the rescue - she was frozen solid.
But she is fine now.
She was eating biscuits afterwards.
This was a very unusual call-out.
The fact that the dog was spotted is unbelievable.
Specialist Technical Rescue Officer Peter Lau said: "Ruby had a very lucky escape."
The potential was there that she could have been very seriously injured or worse.
Ruby was taken to the vets for a check-up and was found to be fine other than exhaustion and dehydration.
Miss Hall, from Halifax, West Yorkshire, said: "Watching the rescue was terrifying."
I could not believe that she was up there in the first place.
It was amazing to get her back in our arms.
The vet said that if she became too exhausted and collapsed she would probably have fallen.
The firefighters were amazing.
It was really daring what they did.
We are just so grateful and every single one of them was absolutely tremendous.
Mr Alderson, from Keighley, added: "We were scared that she might fall but she stayed there."
The firefighters were brilliant.
I just can't believe where she was.
Mick Jagger says he never hit on Katy Perry when she was 18.
During an interview with an Australian radio show this week, the pop star said she sang backing vocals for Jagger's 2004 song "Old Habits Die Hard."
Perry said she had dinner with the veteran rocker and that "he hit on me when I was 18."
She added, "That was a long time ago, and he's been very kind."
In a statement Thursday, a representative for Jagger, 70, says he "categorically denies that he has ever made a pass at Katy Perry."
The rep adds: "Perhaps she is confusing him with someone else."
Perry was one of the singers to make a guest appearance on the Rolling Stones' tour this year.
Her new album, "Prism," debuted at No. 1 this week.
George Kerevan: Europe break-up gives Scots choice
Another day, another independence scare story.
This time we are warned that an independent Scotland would be required to join the Europe-wide free-travel zone as a condition of EU membership.
Cue stories about passport controls at Berwick and a barbed wire border along Hadrian's Wall.
True, the Strathclyde paper pointed out the possible economic benefits of freer movement with the rest of Europe, though - predictably - that did not figure in the headlines.
Nor did anyone point out that the EU member states spend much of their time bending their formal rules if it suits them.
Since Scotland isn't in the Schengen area now, continued non-compliance would be a cheap concession for Brussels to offer up in return for whatever it really wanted out of the Scots.
So, a non-story, then.
And one that is so long in the tooth it has become fossilised: I first heard the "independence means passport controls" canard at least 40 years ago.
Yet there is an interesting point lost in this retelling of a whiskery old tale.
Why should an independent Scotland be expected to do Europe's bidding, anyway?
Why trade London's yoke for that of Brussels, especially now?
Here is the real European news: the great, post-war plan to unite Europe has finally stalled.
With the euro crisis, Project Europe is officially dead.
Across the EU, parties which are dedicated to opposing the EU, or to scrapping the euro as a common currency, are gaining ground.
Even in Germany, the Eurosceptic Alternative for Germany Party - founded only this year - came from nowhere to grab nearly five million votes in September's federal elections, thus effectively knocking the Free Democrats (equivalent to our own Lib Dems) out of the Bundestag.
There has always been domestic opposition to the plan to create a federal Europe.
However, the current economic crisis has proved a watershed.
The austerity imposed by Berlin and the European Central Bank, coupled with the straitjacket imposed on national economies through adherence to the common currency, has led many people to think Project Europe has gone too far.
The crisis of the euro has little to do with national governments running excessive budget deficits - that was true only of Greece.
Rather, the euro system locked in its members at exchange rates favourable to German exporters - something German politicians want to keep.
Without the possibility of domestic currency devaluation, southern Europe finds itself with a built-in productivity disadvantage vis-à-vis Germany.
The only recourse is to slash wages and public spending - spurred on by Berlin.
Beyond the current budget and currency problems lies a deeper European productivity malaise.
As a result of "green" energy policies imposed by Brussels - code for subsidising French and German energy firms at the consumer's expense - European industry pays twice as much for electricity, and four times as much for gas, as in the United States.
That is a crippling cost disadvantage, as we've already seen at Grangemouth.
All the wage freezes in the world won't stop the European petrochemicals industry being hammered by cheap US shale gas.
As a result, revolt is brewing, especially in France, once the EU's main cheerleader.
After the war, the French political elite saw the EU as a vehicle to keep Germany in check, and to give Paris equal billing in the world with Washington.
But Berlin no longer needs Paris as a passport to political legitimacy and has imposed its own economic policy on Europe, leaving the battered French economy struggling.
Result: Marine Le Pen's right-wing, anti-EU National Front has just won a crucial by-election, knocking the ruling Socialists into third place.
The Front is now the most popular party in France with 24 per cent of the vote - a timely warning to British Labour that they can't assume a split on the right will automatically favour the left.
What is Le Pen doing with her newfound popularity among the French white, working class?
She wants to use next year's EU elections to create an anti-EU, anti-common currency bloc across the European Parliament.
If, as is very possible, anti-EU parties do well in these elections, such a bloc could dominate the European Parliament for the first time.
Here's my point: sometime soon growing anti-EU and anti-common currency feeling in Europe will coalesce to kill the euro.
The EU won't disappear, but it will revert to something more like the loose "Europe of the (Sovereign) Nations" favoured by General de Gaulle.
Germany and a few of its satellite economies might keep the euro but France and southern Europe will revive their own currencies.
I expect the UK will distance itself from this project, hoping to cosy up to the US.
However, Washington's growing interest in the Pacific suggests Britain will be left out in the Atlantic cold.
Where does this leave Scotland?
We can choose to be a region of (essentially) Little England.
Or we can defend our own economic interests - which includes telling Berlin and Brussels where to get off.
I suspect that Scotland could do well inside a looser European arrangement provided we kept our own currency.
Co-operation with other like-minded countries will be easier in a non-federal Europe of the Nations.
Otherwise we should consider emulating Norway and retaining our economic independence.
The SNP government in Scotland is - remarkably-- the most successful anti-austerity political movement in Europe, having won a spectacular majority in 2011 on the basis of opposing the cuts proposed (and implemented) by Labour's chancellor Alistair Darling and the subsequent Tory-Lib Dem coalition.
It would be ridiculous now for Scotland to vote for independence only to accept austerity imposed by Berlin and Brussels.
Early puberty: Growing older sooner
African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts, research shows.
Physical changes don't mean puberty is imminent
There's no evidence that hormones or other chemicals are to blame
Experts think the obesity epidemic might be one trigger of early puberty
The trend toward early puberty is not as pronounced with boys
Former CNN correspondent Pat Etheridge is a journalist specializing in children's health and family issues.
Should a mother be alarmed if her daughter begins to sprout breast buds and pubic hair at 7 or 8?
At the annual conference of the American Academy of Pediatrics this week in Orlando, Florida, pediatric endocrinologist Dr. Paul Kaplowitz explained that these early physical changes are quite common among American girls and represent a new norm.
"I spend a lot of time reassuring parents -- usually, this does not signal a rapid progression into full puberty," said Kaplowitz.
Obvious signs of development, such as budding breasts, pubic and underarm hair and body odor are appearing sooner in girls.
But there has been only a slight shift in the age of menarche (the first period) over the past four decades.
In the United States, the average age is 12.5 years, down from 12.75 in 1970.
"Once breasts begin to develop, it takes at least two to three years before menarche," said Kaplowitz, also author of "Early Puberty in Girls: The Essential Guide to Coping with This Common Problem."
Time is the most accurate test of how puberty is going to progress.
There is debate about what constitutes the actual onset of puberty, but it is considered "precocious" when breast enlargement is accompanied by a growth spurt before age 8.
In most cases, the process will slow down or stall -- something a pediatrician can monitor closely.
A more rapid progression may warrant tests by an endocrinologist to rule out serious problems such as tumors or cysts.
There are treatments to delay early menses and ward off another consequence: premature aging of the bones that ultimately can lead to stunted growth and being short as an adult.
Recommendations for drug or hormone therapy are based on the child's age, rate of development, growth rate and emotional maturity.
Psychosocial aspects are important, too.
Kaplowitz is cautious with medication but acknowledges, "suppressing puberty may alleviate behavioral issues and girls' feelings of being different from peers."
The other big issue is understandable: Parents simply don't want their very young daughters having periods.
"They worry about the risk of pregnancy or even how they will handle hygiene," said Kaplowitz.
"It was a shock," recalls one woman whose daughter started her period at 10.
Even though there were signs and we had talked about menstruation, she was not emotionally prepared.
She came home from school scared and upset to be the first among her friends.
There are lots of well-publicized theories about the causes of precocious puberty.
Yet, there's no consistent body of evidence that hormones in milk or other foods, chemicals in the environment or sexual messages in the media are to blame.
Boys - like girls - are hitting puberty earlier.
Kaplowitz contends the premise that holds the most weight is the epidemic of obesity.
He helped conduct a 2001 study of 6- to 9-year-old girls that links body fat to the timing of puberty.
Other findings support this conclusion, but there are many other contributing factors.
In this country, African-American and Hispanic girls tend to reach puberty earlier than their white counterparts.
There are varying explanations.
Globally, patterns of early puberty appear to be influenced by everything from economic conditions to climate to genes.
Another conundrum: Although boys are getting facial and pubic hair at younger ages, the trend toward full-blown early puberty is not as pronounced as it is with girls.
Other doctors attending the AAP conference reinforced the complexities of the topic.
The appearance of acne and pubic hair is common even in infants and toddlers.
"We need to be careful about how we identify the true onset of puberty," said Dr. Lawrence Silverman, a pediatric endocrinologist at Goryeb Children's Hospital in Morristown, New Jersey.
Parents should not hesitate to get guidance from their pediatrician about how to talk with their child.
"It may mean having a sooner-than-expected conversation," Kaplowitz advised.
If you remain calm, your child usually will respond well.
Girls who blossom early need reassurance that, even when it happens ahead of schedule, the process is a normal part of life.
Jet makers feud over seat width with big orders at stake
A row has flared up between leading plane makers over the width of tourist-class seats on long-distance flights, setting the tone for a bitter confrontation at this month's Dubai Airshow.
The dispute focuses on the width of seats provided on long-haul flights for economy passengers - not always the ones most courted by airlines, but whose allocated space holds the key to efficiency claims for the latest jets offered by Airbus SAS and Boeing Co.
Airbus this week called for an industry standard that would provide for a seat at least 18 inches (46 cm) wide in economy cabins, but its U.S. arch-rival Boeing says it should be for airlines to decide.
The dispute comes as plane makers vie to sell ever-larger versions of their twin-engined long-distance aircraft, with potentially record orders expected at the November 17-21 event.
How the back of the plane is laid out - particularly whether seating is 9 or 10 abreast - is central to the economic performance claims being made for new "mini-jumbo" jet designs.
Boeing says its revamped "777X" will hold 406 people based on economy seats more than 17 inches wide and set out 10 in each row.
Airbus says the competing version of its A350 will carry 350 people in 18-inch-wide economy seat laid out 9 abreast.
Plane giants often trade blows on technical matters through advertising in the trade press.
Now, Airbus is appealing directly to the public ahead of the Dubai Airshow, where the 777X is expected to dominate with more than 100 orders.
It recently previewed what may be the start of a new ad war by showing financiers a slide illustrating three people squashed together at a restaurant, titled "Would You Accept This?"
"Boeing is proposing long-distance flying in seats narrower than regional turbo-props," said Airbus sales chief John Leahy.
As diets change, people get bigger but plane seating has not radically changed.
Between the early 1970s, when the Boeing 747 jumbo defined modern long-haul travel, and the turn of the century, the weight of the average American 40- to 49-year-old male increased by 10 per cent, according to U.S. Health Department Data.
The waist of the average 21st-century American male is 39.7 inches, according to U.S. health statistics.
Airbus says its rival is sticking to a seat concept from the 1950s, when the average girth of the newly christened "jet set" was narrower.
Airbus says it has commissioned research suggesting an extra inch in seat width improves sleep quality by 53 per cent.
Boeing disputes Airbus's figures on seat measurements and says it is not up to manufacturers to step into decisions on how airlines balance fares and facilities.
It also says research shows cabin experience depends on more than the width of a seat.
"It really comes down to providing flexibility to airlines and allowing them to do the things that they believe they need to do to be successful," said Boeing cabins expert Kent Craver.
They don't want us to dictate to them what makes them profitable.
They know their business better than anyone else.
For flyers it is about more elbow room, but for suppliers it is increasingly an issue that could affect earnings.
Behind the dispute is a race for plane orders with at least $700-billion of estimated business at list prices in coming decades, enough to tip the scales of U.S. and European exports.
As Reuters first reported in July, seat layout is exactly what drives the battle between the latest jets.
Both Airbus and Boeing claim 20 per cent better efficiency per seat in their latest twin-engined long-haul designs than the market leader in that segment, the 365-seat Boeing 777-300ER.
Boeing's performance claims depend in part on comparing the 10-abreast 777X with an original 9-abreast 777 design.
The gain in unit costs is blunted compared with 10-abreast now in use.
"The reason Boeing are doing this is to cram more seats in to make their plane more competitive with our products," said Kevin Keniston, head of passenger comfort at Europe's Airbus.
On the other hand, analysts say full 10-seat-per-row cabins for existing 777s suggest many passengers are voting for the denser layout, which may go hand in hand with cheaper fares.
"Eighteen inches in seat width would be great for passengers, but the reality is that from a business point of the Airbus proposal is driven by the threat of the 777," said cabin interiors expert Mary Kirby, founder and editor of the Runway Girl Network.
Airbus and Boeing do not supply seats but offer a catalogue of suppliers for airlines to choose from.
Globe-trotting jet sellers even carry tape measures to check on competing layouts.
While boasting comfort, all builders also offer jets with high-density layouts for low-cost airlines and regional travel.
Airbus offers a 10-abreast A350 but says it has not yet sold it.
Until recently, Airbus was stressing the need for more cabin customization by offering wider aisle seats on some of its jets.
Without the support of the only other maker of large modern jets, experts say its call for a new industry standard is unlikely to fly, but could distract from a wave of 777X sales.
New anti-nicotine vaccine could take the pleasure out of smoking
Scientists have developed an anti-nicotine vaccine that could take the pleasure out of smoking a cigarette.
A single dose of the vaccine was able to protect mice against nicotine addiction for life.
Further tests are needed before starting human trials, which would take several years, but Professor Ronald Crystal of Weill Cornell Medical College in New York said the early signs are good.
"We are very hopeful that this kind of vaccine strategy can finally help the millions of smokers who have tried to stop, exhausting all the methods on the market today, but find their nicotine addiction to be strong enough to overcome these current approaches," Prof Cornell said.
The new vaccine contains a harmless virus that has been engineered to carry the genetic information to make anti-nicotine antibodies.
The virus selectively infects liver cells, which then start to make a steady stream of the antibodies.
The antibodies hunt down any nicotine molecules in the bloodstream, neutralising them before they reached the brain, preventing a smoker from getting a nicotine hit.
In tests, vaccinated mice who were subsequently given nicotine continued with their normal activity.
But mice who had not been given the vaccine "chilled out," say the researchers, a sign that the nicotine had reached their brains.
The experiments are described in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
Previous tobacco vaccines failed because they contained antibodies.
The jabs had to be given so frequently to keep antibody levels topped up that they proved expensive and impractical.
But the cost of the new vaccine is likely to be far lower, because it turns liver cells into antibody factories.
Prof Crystal said that if a future human vaccine was completely safe it could be given to children before they were tempted to try a cigarette, preventing nicotine addiction.
But more likely it would be used by smokers to quit.
"They will know if they start smoking again, they will receive no pleasure from it due to the nicotine vaccine, and that can help them kick the habit," he said.
British scientists said the results were interesting but warned far more research was needed.
Tripodi denies being influenced by Obeid
Former NSW Labor minister Joe Tripodi will be investigated by the state's corruption watchdog.
Former NSW minister Joe Tripodi has denied changing maritime leases policy at the request of his political mentor Eddie Obeid, who had hidden interests in three properties on government-controlled land.
The Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) on Friday widened its inquiry into whether Mr Obeid lobbied several state ministers to have leases at Circular Quay, where the Obeids owned two restaurants and a cafe, renewed without going to tender after their expiration in August 2005.
It's now investigating allegations Mr Tripodi knew of Mr Obeid's secret interest in the properties, after evidence given by Mr Tripodi's former deputy chief of staff, Lynne Ashpole, on Thursday.
During years of discussions starting in 2005 the government had been pushing for the leases to go to public tender.
The lessees were against this and also wanted longer terms.
In 2009 leases for the Circular Quay enterprises, which earned the Obeids about $2.5 million annually, were renewed without going to public tender.
Mr Tripodi, who was ports minister from February 2006 until November 2009, was initially in favour of public tenders.
But he denied the changes were made at the request of Mr Obeid, who Mr Tripodi acknowledged was urging a shift in government lease policy.
A phone transcript tabled in ICAC showed calls in August and September 2007 between Mr Obeid, Mr Tripodi and Steve Dunn, a senior bureaucrat who had come into the ports ministry after working under Mr Obeid in the fisheries department.
"Was the matter being discussed in the course of these telephone conversations the development of the commercial lease policy," Assistant Commissioner Anthony Whealy asked Mr Tripodi.
"No," Mr Tripodi replied.
I can't remember what was discussed but it definitely wasn't that.
Definitely not between myself and Mr Obeid.
Israeli warplanes attack target inside Syria, official says
Israeli warplanes struck a target inside the Syrian port city of Latakia Thursday night, a senior administration official confirms to Fox News.
The official did not specify what the target was, but said there was at least one.
The Associated Press reports the target was Russian-made SA-125 missiles.
At least twice earlier this year Israel launched airstrikes on shipments of missiles inside Syria.
Foreign workers on 457 visas could undergo "genuineness" test
A "genuineness" test for foreign workers on 457 visas is being considered by the government as it contemplates expanding a crackdown.
The test, if adopted, would be applied through a criteria aimed at preventing 457s being used to fill unskilled positions or as a back door way to move family and friends to Australia.
A government discussion paper was released today as former Labor MP Maxine McKew slammed the government's rhetoric about foreign workers, saying it could offend Australia's neighbours.
"Loud declarations about 'foreigners getting to the back of the queue' and 'Aussie jobs first' are a very unpleasant throwback to a time when unions demanded a protected labor market," she told the Australia India Institute today.
Historically, that meant it was white labour that had to be protected - and if some in the region saw echoes of that historic artifact, I wouldn't be surprised.
The discussion paper outlines 12 measures that were previously considered by former Immigration Minister Chris Bowen.
Immigration Minister Brendan O'Connor, who was yesterday in Sri Lanka where he is meeting officials about people smuggling, has implemented five of the recommended changes with the remainder under consideration.
If the "genuineness" criteria was adopted a visa applicant could be scrutinised about "whether the nomination is genuine in circumstances where the nominee is a relation or personal associate of an owner or relevant person of the sponsoring business."
Businesses could also be required to account for the number of 457 visa holders after previously businesses who had intended to sponsor a small number of workers then employed hundreds.
Meanwhile, a 35-year-old Sri Lankan asylum seeker died of a suspected heart attack after arriving on an asylum boat at Christmas Island this week.
The man's distraught nine-year-old son travelled to Australia with him and has been comforted since the death of his father on Wednesday by an adult cousin who was also on the vessel.
Australian authorities rushed the man to Christmas Island Hospital, where he died.
A study aiming to increase the benefits to Scotland of the HS2 rail project has been announced by the UK government.
The work by HS2 Ltd suggests high-speed services to Scotland and the north of England will start as soon as Phase One opens in 2026.
Transport minister Baroness Kramer said the project would "bring the UK together."
Scottish transport minister Keith Brown said he was "excited" to work with the UK government on the plan.
Phase One will consist of a new high speed rail line between London and the West Midlands.
When Phase Two is completed, lines will run to Manchester and Leeds.
In June the government revised the estimated cost of building the high-speed link between London and the North of England from £32.7bn to £42.6bn.
The UK government, which has been holding talks with Transport Scotland, has instructed HS2 Ltd to look at further rail capacity and journey time improvements for northern England and Scotland.
This is to include the possibility of eventual journey times from Glasgow and Edinburgh to London of three hours or less.
Baroness Kramer said: "Our goal for HS2 is for a truly national network that will bring the UK and its cities closer together."
We are driving forward HS2 because the benefits it will bring are huge.
Without it we face a crisis in capacity on our rail network.
But it is also about connectivity, across the UK 18 cities including Glasgow and Edinburgh will be better connected because of HS2.
Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael added: "Today's announcement is good news for Scotland."
For the Scottish government, Keith Brown called on Mr Carmichael to "unequivocally" back Scotland's inclusion in the HS2 network.
Mr Brown said: "High speed rail has the potential to bring huge economic benefits to Scotland, but also adds Scotland's economic weight to the overall case for high speed rail across Britain."
So we are excited to work in partnership with the UK Government to examine options for bringing high speed rail to Scotland, creating benefit for all and complementing the Glasgow-Edinburgh line which the Scottish Government is already planning.
I look forward to reviewing the report of the investigation with UK ministers next year and together decide on the next steps.
Aircraft electronic device rules to stay in force in Australia for now
Australian airline passengers will need to continue turning off their tablets and smart phones during take-off and landing despite moves in the US to loosen regulations covering the devices.
The US Federal Aviation Administration has left the way open for American carriers to change their procedures so that passengers will be able to read e-books, watch videos or play games on their devices during critical phases of flight provided they remain in "airplane" mode.
Passengers can already do this during the bulk of a flight but many people find it annoying to be unable to access their e-books during take-offs and landings.
Australian carriers are looking at the decision, which requires US carriers to undertake a massive amount of work to meet the requirements, but have indicated they have no immediate plans to change their procedures.
The Civil Aviation Safety Authority also said it was looking at the announcement but emphasised that restrictions on the use of electronic devices in critical phases of flight were still in place in Australia.
"CASA currently has no specific regulations governing the use of electronic devices in aircraft," it said.
The issue is covered by regulations which require aircraft operators to ensure safety is maintained at all times and passengers to comply with the safety instructions given by crew members.
Virgin, which has already been talking to CASA about extending the use its in-flight wi-fi entertainment system, was amenable to a change but said it would take its lead from the regulator.
"We would welcome a review by CASA into allowing the use of electronic devices because we really do think it will improve the customer experience now that we have (wireless in-flight entertainment) on our planes," a spokesman said.
Qantas said it would stick with the current rules for now.
"Our current policy is that electronic devices cannot be used during take-off and landing and we have no immediate plans to change that," it said.
The FAA ruling applies to American airlines.
However, we are always interested in regulatory developments that could benefit passengers and we will certainly be taking a close look at the FAA's decision and the reasons behind it.
For US carriers, the impact of the ruling will vary from airline to airline and will depend on the age of their fleet.
Carriers will need to prove their planes can tolerate radio interference from mobile devices as well as revise manuals, training materials, carry-on baggage programs and passenger briefings.
"Once an airline verifies the tolerance of its fleet, it can allow passengers to use handheld, lightweight electronic devices such as tablets, e-readers, and smartphones-at all altitudes," the FAA said.
In rare instances of low visibility, the crew will instruct passengers to turn off their devices during landing.
The group also recommended that heavier devices should be safely stowed under seats or in overhead bins during take-off and landing.
Travelling BVB fans created terrible scenes with flares in the Veltins Arena before the district derby against Schalke
Borussia Dortmund announced that there would be serious consequences.
Before Friday's Bundesliga match against VfB Stuttgart, the 'Ultras' responded with silence - initially.
It was an unusual, almost ghostly atmosphere that the fans created until shortly before the kick-off of the Bundesliga match between the German runners-up Borussia Dortmend and VfB Stuttgart, in the Signal Iduna Park.
It was mainly the chants of away fans that could be heard.
The south stand, on the other hand, where the most loyal - and the loudest - of BVB fans stand, was initially unusually quiet: No singing and no battle cries.
The 'Capo's' podium, the individual who usually coordinates the unison chants, remained empty.
And right at the front, on the stand, a single large flag with the text "Stadium Ban Section" blew in the wind.
Only when goalkeeper, Roman Weidenfeller, was the first BVB player to step onto the field, did cheers briefly erupt, as is usually the case.
When his team mates followed, there was loud singing and scarves were waving -  but by no means everywhere.
In the central blocks of the south stand, blocks 12 and 13, nothing moved.
Even stadium announcer, Norbert Dickel, speaking once again of the successful results in recent days - the derby victory, the win against Arsenal, the contract extension of coach Jörgen klopp - did not raise spirits.
Just five minutes before kick-off, the Capo climbed onto his podium - and the tension that had been almost tangible up until that point, lifted with a large shout, as Dickel asked for a shout from each section of fans as usual.
As always, the south stand was left until the end, and finally the stand resumed its usual role as the loudest section of the stadium.
And as soon as the vociferous request for "derby winners stand up" came from the south stand upon kick-off, everything was back to normal.
The previous silence was indeed a reaction to the events of previous days.
Immediately before the local district derby against FC Schalke 04, some of the travelling BVB fans fired flares into the crowds of spectators and onto the pitch - and in so doing almost hit goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller.
The kick-off was delayed on account of the chaotic scenes,
As a result, BVB Chairman Hans Joachim Watzke had invited the heads of the Dortmund Ultras fan group to his office - and if Watzke's words are to be believed, this was a rather uncomfortable meeting for the fan representatives.
"There will be massive impact for the entire Ultra movement," announced the BVB Chairman on Thursday evening at a panel discussion in Frankfurt.
As an immediate measure, Watzke prohibited the Ultras from organising choreography for the home match against VfB Stuttgart.
"I have banned it," he explained.
We cannot ignore the zero tolerance policy regarding pyrotechnics in Saxony.
In addition, the Ultras were given the option of several different punishments - they now have until Tuesday to decide which one to accept.
Otherwise BVB will impose a sanction by the end of next week, said Watzke.
"It will be severe," assured Watzke.
It will be interesting to see the reactions in the south stand then.
Pawnbrokers shine in Singapore as middle class feel the pinch
At a pawnshop in Bendemeer shopping centre in Singapore, Janani Amirthalinga is swapping a gold bangle, ring and pair of earrings to pay her daughters" school fees.
"My husband and I have just bought a house so all my money's stuck there," Mrs Amirthalinga says.
Even though she earns S$3,000 ($2,400) a month as an administrator and her husband works as well, the monthly family income is insufficient, she says.
Indeed, such is demand across parts of southeast Asia - where household debt is rising - that ValueMax, where she is carrying out her transaction, this week became the third pawnshop to list on the Singapore stock exchange.
Pawning jewellery is not merely a fast way to land cash - S$1,300 in Ms Amirthalinga's case - but almost as cheap as unsecured bank loans.
Typically pawnbrokers in Singapore charge an effective annual percentage rate of 17 per cent, just above the 15.4 per cent offered at United Overseas Bank, a local lender with a branch in the same shopping centre.
However, pawnbrokers have the advantage of not requiring credit checks or proof of salary, and can arrange loans faster than banks.
Hence millions of people across the region are turning to pawnshops as families feel the squeeze from rising living costs and ballooning household and consumer debt.
After five years of robust growth since the global financial crisis, and cheap credit fuelled by loose monetary policy in advanced economies, lower- and middle-income families are turning to pawn shops to make up the difference as their economies slow.
This week Standard & Poor's, the rating agency, cited increasing household leverage, mainly from rising mortgages, as a risk factor for Asian banks" creditworthiness.
It said that Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore had the highest household debt to gross domestic product ratios in Asia.
Malaysia topped the list at 80 per cent of GDP, up from 60 per cent in 2008.
Economists are also worried about high levels of consumer debt in Thailand, which this week narrowly emerged from technical recession.
On Thursday, data showed continued export weakness, and a softening in consumer demand.
"Bottom line is that with costs rising, people in the middle to lower end [of the income scale] will be looking to supplement their income wherever they can," says Song Seng Wun, economist at CIMB, a Malaysian bank.
Historically high prices for gold in the past two years have added to the rush to pawn personal belongings, as people take the opportunity to cash in the value of their family jewellery.
In Singapore, about 70 per cent of items pawned at the city-state's 200 pawn outlets are gold.
People are saying "the gold price looks good, let's pawn grandma's gold chain and get it back next month.
In Thailand the largest pawnshop operator, EasyMoney, has seen an up to 20 per cent rise in the number of customers using its outlets in recent months.
Such is the growth in the pawn business that ValueMax, operator of the outlet at Bendemeer and of 15 others like it in Singapore, plans to expand not only in neighbouring Malaysia - where it has four shops - but outside Asia too, says Yeah Lee Ching, ValueMax's executive director.
The company will fund that by using 60 per cent of S$66m it raised this week in a listing on the Singapore stock exchange.
While some discount lenders have come under fire for high interest rates, Ms Yeah says that not only does pawning offer cheaper rates than other lenders, it also does not add directly to debt.
"Customers are mortgaging items that they already own, and monetising personal assets does not increase household debt," she says.
There's an increased social acceptance of pawnbroking as a means to secure short term, secured financing.
Nor are the types of people who use pawnbrokers only the financially stretched.
Wealthy people in Singapore also use ValueMax outlets, pawning gold bars or Rolex watches, which can command up to 60 per cent of their purchase price in cash.
We see customers from all walks of life.
"They include wealthy individuals who need to borrow short term for business ventures or investments, or small businesses with a need to tide over their cash flow needs," says Ms Yeah.
Sometimes they just need the money very quickly.
NSA siphons data from Google and Yahoo - Snowden wants to help
Secret Service whistleblower, Edward Snowden, has a fundamental interest in helping Germany clarify the increasingly explosive NSA espionage scandal.
According to Green Party MP. Hans-Christian Ströbele, his surprising meeting with Snowden in Russia addressed the conditions under which the former Secret Service employee would make a statement to a German District Attorney or before an investigation committee.
Snowden referred to his complex legal situation, Ströbele said on ARD's "Panorama" programme.
$325m rescue package for Tassie health
The Federal Government insists a $325 million rescue package for Tasmania's ailing health system has tough conditions attached that will ensure the State Government can't waste the funds.
Federal Health Minister Tanya Plibersek has announced the Commonwealth is taking "urgent action" to head off a crisis caused by the island state's aging population, higher rates of chronic disease and system constraints.
The funding, over four years, was decided after government consultations with Tasmanian independent MP Andrew Wilkie.
"The Government has come up with an emergency rescue package we believe will address the unique challenges faced by the state," Ms Plibersek said today.
The $325 million package includes a $31 million elective surgery blitz.
An additional 2600 operations including orthopedic and cataract surgery will help clear a backlog.
There's also money for walk-in clinics in Hobart and Launceston, better after-hospital care, medical specialist training, mental health services and the rollout of personal electronic health record systems in local hospitals.
"These investments respond to the ideas that front-line clinicians have told me will be the best ways to tend to Tasmania's health system," Ms Plibersek said.
The minister insisted the Tasmanian Government would face a strict reporting and accountability regime.
The state would have to maintain current funding levels in order to receive Commonwealth cash and report monthly on where it was spending the extra funds.
A three-person commission will be set up to ensure the state is delivering services as effectively and efficiently as possible.
Mr Wilkie today said the $325 million would count for little "unless it's followed by genuine reform to put Tasmania's public health system on a more sustainable footing."
He nevertheless praised the Government for responding to his request for urgent assistance which he first raised with the Prime Minister at the beginning of May.
"I'm hopeful the federal assistance package will go a long way towards taking the state's public health system off the critical list," Mr Wilkie said.
According to the State Government these additional elective procedures will largely reverse the recent cuts.
But federal Opposition health spokesman Peter Dutton believes today's announcement is a "band-aid solution."
"The reason we are here is that the Labor State Government ripped $430 million out of its health system," he told ABC TV.
You can't have a state government ripping out almost half-a-billion dollars and the Commonwealth put in $300 million and pretend it's a good news day.
Mr Dutton called on Ms Plibersek to guarantee that not one dollar out of the rescue package would be spent on additional bureaucracy.
Guillaume Nicloux's adaptation of Denis Diderot's novel boasts exceptional production design and period detail but is also heavier going than it should be.
Unfolding in 1760s France, it tells the grim story of Suzanne, a young aristocrat sent to a convent by her family.
When she rebels, she experiences extreme cruelty at the hands of a wantonly sadistic Mother Superior and becomes an object of erotic fascination for another.
The film never slips into prurience or sensationalism - and that's the problem.
The earnest solemnity of the storytelling risks making it a hair shirt-like ordeal for audiences, too.
Syria has destroyed its chemical weapons making ability, watchdog group says
Syria has destroyed critical equipment for producing chemical weapons and poison gas munitions, the global chemical weapons watchdog said Thursday as fierce clashes raged in the country's north, close to one of the sites where toxic agents are believed to be stored.
Also Thursday, a Syrian activist group said more than 120,000 people have been killed since the start of the country's civil war nearly three years ago.
The announcement by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons came one day ahead of the Nov.
1 deadline set by The Hague-based organization for Damascus to destroy or "render inoperable" all chemical weapon production facilities and machinery for mixing chemicals into poison gas and filling munitions.
The completion of what is essentially the initial stage of destruction is a significant milestone in an ambitious timeline that aims to destroy all of Damascus' chemical weapons by mid-2014.
Destruction of the equipment means that Syria can no longer produce new chemical weapons.
However, Damascus still has to start destroying existing weapons and stockpiles.
The country is believed to have around 1,000 metric tons of chemicals and weapons including mustard gas and the nerve agent sarin.
The announcement came as fighting raged Thursday in the town of Safira, which experts say is home to a chemical weapons production facility as well as storage sites, reported the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.
The activist group, which has been tracking the death toll through a network of activists in Syria, said Thursday that 120,296 people have died.
Of those, it said 61,067 are civilians, including 6,365 children.
On the government side, it said 29,954 are members of President Bashar Assad's armed forces, 18,678 are pro-government fighters and 187 are Lebanese Hezbollah militants.
Also among the dead it said were 2,202 army defectors and some 5,375 opposition fighters, many of them foreigners.
On July 25, the U.N. estimated 100,000 have died in the conflict since March 2011.
It has not updated that figure since.
The conflict has forced some 2 million people to flee the country.
Assad's troops have been battling rebels, many of them linked to al-Qaida groups, in Safira for weeks.
The Observatory said there were casualties on both sides Thursday but had no specifics.
The fighting underscored the dangers the chemical weapons' inspectors face as they race against tight deadlines in their mission to rid Syria of the toxic arsenal in the midst of an ongoing civil war.
A statement from the OPCW, which works closely with the United Nations, said its team was "now satisfied that it has verified - and seen destroyed - all of Syria's declared critical production and mixing/filling equipment."
It added that, "no further inspection activities are currently planned."
Earlier this week, the inspectors said they had completed their first round of verification work, visiting 21 of 23 sites declared by Damascus.
They were unable to visit two sites because of security concerns, the inspectors said.
On Thursday, OPCW said the two locations were, according to Syria, "abandoned and ... the chemical weapons program items they contained were moved to other declared sites, which were inspected."
It was not immediately clear if the facility in Safira was one of the two sites that OPCW inspectors were not able to visit.
Syria has submitted a plan for the total destruction of its chemical weapons that has to be approved next month by the OPCW's executive committee.
"I salute the fortitude and courage you've all demonstrated in fulfilling the most challenging mission ever undertaken by this organization," the watchdog's director-general, Ahmet Uzumcu, said in comments released by the OPCW.
Now in its third year, the civil war pits the primarily Sunni Muslim rebels against Assad's government and its security forces, which are stacked with members of his Alawite sect, an offshoot of Shiite Islam.
In other developments, the Observatory's chief Rami Abdurrahman said there had been a strong explosion Wednesday inside an air defense facility in Syria's coastal province of Latakia.
The cause of the blast was not known, he said.
Anger over Bali bomb plotter's sentence
Survivors and relatives of the 202 people killed in the 2002 Bali bombing have reacted with anger over the sentence given to the last of the plotters to face justice, saying Umar Patek should face a firing squad.
Patek, who spent almost 10 years on the run as one of South-East Asia's most wanted, was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in jail for his role in building the explosive devices used in the bombing.
He could be released within 15 years if granted parole.
The 45-year-old was found guilty of mass murder for the attack on two nightclubs in the popular tourist area of Kuta which left 202 people dead, including 88 Australians, and injured scores more.
He was also found guilty of a number of other terrorism-related charges, including a wave of bombings of churches across Indonesia on Christmas Eve in 2000.
Prosecutors had demanded a life sentence, although they could have pushed that the man dubbed the "Demolition Man" for his reputation as a master bomb-maker be sentenced to death.
The decision has reignited painful memories for Perth mother June Corteen, who lost her 39-year-old twin daughters Jane and Jenny in the destruction unleashed by Patek and his co-conspirators almost a decade ago.
Fighting back tears, she said Patek should have been sentenced to death.
I really feel that he should follow in the footsteps of the other guys.
"He should be put in front of the firing squad," Ms Corteen told AAP.
I have to live every day without seeing more grandchildren, and my daughters.
The Sari Club was levelled when a massive bomb loaded into a van parked outside was detonated just after 11pm on October 12, 2002.
Peter Hughes was in Paddy's Bar where a suicide bomber detonated a backpack loaded with explosives just 20 seconds earlier.
He lapsed into a month-long coma in the wake of the bombing, and "died" three times while on life support.
Mr Hughes said Patek should have shared the same fate as three other members of the Jemaah Islamiah terror cell responsible for the carnage - Amrozi, Mukhlas and Imam Samudra - who were executed four years ago.
Really, this guy should get the death penalty before anybody.
To keep him alive, well, there's no reason to keep him alive.
To get 20 years, after killing 202 people and injuring many hundreds, it's not much.
Patek is the last of the Bali bombers to face justice.
He had avoided capture for almost a decade but was eventually apprehended in January 2011 in the Pakistani town of Abbottabad, where US forces killed former al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden less than four months later.
During the trial, an FBI agent testified that intelligence reports had revealed Patek was in Pakistan to meet with bin Laden in an effort to re-establish links between South-East Asian terrorist groups and al-Qaeda.
"He didn't give himself up," Ms Corteen said.
Until just recently, he really didn't feel sorry for how much grief he caused other people.
The verdict comes ahead of the 10th anniversary of the attack later this year, which will be marked by ceremonies in Bali and Australia.
"There will be a lot of tears this year," Ms Corteen said.
Patek may yet appeal his sentence.
FAA: Air passengers can now use gadgets on planes (but not make cell phone calls)
Airline passengers will be able to use their electronic devices gate-to-gate to read, work, play games, watch movies and listen to music - but not talk on their cellphones - under much-anticipated new guidelines issued Thursday by the Federal Aviation Administration.
But passengers shouldn't expect changes to happen immediately.
How fast the change is implemented will vary by the airline, FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said at a news conference.
Airlines will have to show the FAA how their airplanes meet the new guidelines and that they've updating their flight crew training manuals and rules for stowing devices to reflect the new guidelines.
The FAA said it has already received plans from some airlines to expand the use of portable electronic devices on planes.
Delta and JetBlue were among the airliners who have already submitted plans.
"Depending on the condition of the plan, we could approve expanded use of electronic devices very soon," the FAA said in a statement.
Currently, passengers are required to turn off their smartphones, tablets and other devices once a plane's door closes.
They're not supposed to restart them until the planes reach 10,000 feet and the captain gives the go-ahead.
Passengers are supposed to turn their devices off again as the plane descends to land and not restart them until the plane is on the ground.
Under the new guidelines, airlines whose planes are properly protected from electronic interference may allow passengers to use the devices during takeoffs, landings and taxiing, the FAA said.
Most new airliners and other planes that have been modified so that passengers can use Wifi at higher altitudes are expected to meet the criteria.
Laura Glading, president of the Association of Professional Flight Attendants, welcomed the changes.
"Once the new policy is safely implemented - and we're going to work closely with the carrier to do that - it will be a win-win," Glading said in a statement.
We're frankly tired of feeling like 'hall monitors' when it comes to this issue.
But connecting to the Internet to surf, exchange emails, text or download data will still be prohibited below 10,000 feet, the agency said.
Passengers will be told to switch their smartphones, tablets and other devices to airplane mode.
So, still no Words With Friends, the online Scrabble-type game that actor Alec Baldwin was playing on his smartphone in 2011 when he was famously booted off an American Airlines jet for refusing to turn off the device while the plane was parked at the gate.
And heavier devices such as laptops will continue to have to be stowed because of concern they might injure someone if they go flying around the cabin.
In-flight cellphone calls also will continue to be prohibited.
Regulatory authority over phone calls belongs to the Federal Communications Commission, not the FAA.
FAA may lift ban on some electronic devices during takeoff and landing
Last month, National Transportation Safety Board Mark Rosenker, a CBS News national transportation safety expert, said that cell phones are still considered a risk.
"Cell phones, that really is an issue, not just because potentially it could create interference with navigational devices, but we do know, according to the FCC, that it could interfere with cell phone towers when they're in the air," Rosenker said.
An industry advisory committee created by the FAA to examine the issue recommended last month that the government permit greater use of personal electronic devices.
Pressure has been building on the FAA in recent years to ease restrictions on their use.
Critics such as Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., contend there is no valid safety reason for the prohibitions.
The restrictions have also become increasingly difficult to enforce as use of the devices has become ubiquitous.
Some studies indicate as many as a third of passengers forget or ignore directions to turn off their devices.
The FAA began restricting passengers' use of electronic devices in 1966 in response to reports of interference with navigation and communications equipment when passengers began carrying FM radios, the high-tech gadgets of their day.
New airliners are far more reliant on electrical systems than previous generations of aircraft, but they are also designed and approved by the FAA to be resistant to electronic interference.
Airlines have been offering Wi-Fi use at cruising altitudes to passengers for several years.
Planes modified for Wi-Fi systems are also more resistant to interference.
The vast majority of airliners should qualify for greater electronic device use under the new guidelines, Huerta said.
Today's electronic devices generally emit much lower power radio transmissions than previous generations of devices.
E-readers, for example, emit only minimal transmissions when turning a page.
But transmissions are stronger when devices are downloading or sending data.
Among those pressing for a relaxation of restrictions on passengers' use of the devices has been Amazon.com.
In 2011, company officials loaded an airliner full of their Kindle e-readers and flew it around to test for problems but found none.
FAA advisory committee members expressed mixed feelings about whether use of the devices presents any risk.
Douglas Kidd of the National Association of Airline Passengers said he believes interference from the devices is genuine even if the risk is minimal.
Other committee members said there are only anecdotal reports from pilots to support that the devices can interfere with aircraft systems, and most of those reports are very old.
However, the committee recommended the FAA allow pilots to order passengers to shut off devices during instrument landings in low visibility.
A travel industry group welcomed the changes, calling them common-sense accommodations for a traveling public now bristling with technology.
"We're pleased the FAA recognizes that an enjoyable passenger experience is not incompatible with safety and security," said Roger Dow, CEO of the U.S. Travel Association.
Bird airlifted to safety from North Sea rig released back into wild
A bird airlifted ashore after being found exhausted on a North Sea oil rig has been released back into the wild.
The water rail was put on a helicopter to Aberdeen last month before being nursed back to health by the Scottish SPCA at its rescue centre in Alloa.
Centre manager Colin Seddon said: "This water rail was likely a winter migrant from Northern Europe who got caught up in strong winds over the North Sea."
It seems the bird became exhausted and managed to find refuge on the oil rig.
He added: "It was unable to fly off again so we were contacted for help."
The water rail was fit and well by the time it was released.
Is Europe's elite ready to do business with Britain?
Business for Britain launched in April with a pledge to bring business together and define what the UK's wealth and job creators want to see changed in our relationship with the EU.
To that end, we commissioned the largest and most comprehensive poll of British business leaders asking them for their thoughts on Britain, business and the EU.
YouGov polled over 1,000 business leaders, broadly representative of Britain's business sizes, sectors and regions.
The conclusions of the poll will come as a surprise to many.
We found that the vast majority of businesses are now looking to export outside of Europe, focusing on countries that are modernising and growing while the EU states stagnate.
They want to see the Government prioritise new trading links with the likes of China, India and Brazil, rather than getting bogged down in the long and arduous process of reforming the EU's arcane institutions.
When asked their views on specific policy areas - ranging from monopoly regulation to product laws - the majority of business leaders thought that control of these key competences should be returned to Westminster.
There was general discontent with the Single Market, with businesses saying that the costs of Brussels regulation now outweighed the benefits of being part of Europe's trading area - even 40 per cent of large businesses, traditionally the most pro-European of companies, agreed.
Finally, and most tellingly of all, our poll of business leaders found a clear majority wanted to see Britain pursue a course of treaty change and a relationship with the EU that is based on trade, not politics.
This finding, which was reflected across the sizes and major business groups, shows that business is pushing for a "meaningful change" that brings powers back to the UK.
The stakes are high - achieving treaty change and a better deal for Britain sees a 16 per cent swing towards voting to stay in the EU in a referendum.
The Prime Minister should be in no doubt: this poll shows that British business backs his plan for renegotiating the terms of Britain's membership of the EU.
It also shows that business expects that renegotiation to make a significant shift in the current balance of power back towards the UK.
A better deal for British business is possible, and increasingly necessary as the eurozone embarks on the road to closer economic and fiscal union.
The priority must be jobs and growth in Britain and, as the findings of our poll show, for business this means a renewed focus on trade and a fundamental change in Brussels" regulatory approach.
Gazprom's Alexei Miller says pipeline in Bulgaria starts new gas era
The start of construction of the South Stream gas pipeline in Bulgaria marks the launch of one of Europe's largest energy projects, Gazprom's chief said.
"A landmark event has taken place today: Construction started on the Bulgarian section of the South Stream gas pipeline, the most large-scale and important project in Europe," Gazprom Chairman Alexei Miller said in a statement Thursday.
This project is a key element of energy security of the whole European continent.
South Stream is meant to add diversity to Russia's export routes through Europe.
A contractual dispute between Gazprom and its counterparts in Ukraine, which hosts most of Russia's gas for Europe, adds a layer of risk to conventional routes, officials say.
Miller said the direct connection to Bulgaria, a member of the European Union, means geopolitical risks associated with transit countries are eliminated "forever."
Bulgarian consumers will receive gas from South Stream at a discounted rate once the entire project starts operating in 2015.
Gazprom said construction should begin in other downstream countries by year's end.
The pipeline is designed for an annual capacity of 2.2 trillion cubic feet of natural gas.
Nothing beats Germany as a property location for national and international investors.
The economic situation is right, and the financing options are fantastic.
This was the message of the 9th 'Immobilientag' (Property Day) organised by the Börsen Zeitung (stock exchange newspaper).
The German property markets are benefiting from the country's economic strength and general conditions which, compared with the rest of Europe, are very competitive.
This was pointed out by Christian Ulbrich, Jones Lang LaSalle CEO for Europe, the Near East and Africa, at the 9th 'Immobilientag' (Property Day) organised by the Börsen Zeitung (stock exchange newspaper).
The extent to which German commercial properties are sought after is evident in the transaction volumes, said Ulbrich.
In the first three quarters of this year, there was an increase of 31% compared to the same period the year before.
In Great Britain, growth stands at just 6%, and in France at 19%.
"Property investments offer an attractive rate of return," said Ulbrich.
The yield gap between properties and federal government bonds is at a historically high level.
The FAA is easing restrictions on the use of electronic gadgets on airplanes - though chatting on cellphones will still be prohibited.
Warplanes attack a store of Russian missiles in the port city of Latakia, an official says.
It's an apparent continuation of Israel's campaign to keep arms from proliferating in the Mideast.
A federal appeals court blocks a judge's ruling that the NYPD's controversial tactic discriminates against minorities.
Nearly 100 African migrants hoping to travel to Algeria die of thirst after their two trucks break down in the middle of the Sahara.
Experts say violence that left 14 adults and seven children dead is nothing more than random chance, not a sign of growing violence in America.
Rather than being rattled by the U.S. government shutdown, investors kept their focus on what probably matters more: the Federal Reserve.
The California woman plans to challenge what may be a first-of-its-kind citation, saying the Internet-connected eyewear makes navigation easier.
Police say they have a video that appears to show Mayor Rob Ford smoking a crack pipe.
Even close allies keep things from one another - and work every angle to find out what's being held back.
The Vatican wants to know how Catholic parishes around the globe handle sensitive issues like contraception, divorce and gay couples.
Two YMCA employees charged with sex offences before allegations against Jonathan Lord, Royal Commission hears
Two YMCA NSW employees had been charged with child sex offences before allegations were raised against Caringbah child care worker Jonathan Lord in 2011, the child sexual abuse Royal Commission has heard.
But in its opening statement to the Commission it said it had "never dealt with an incident of child sexual assault within its organisation," the Commission was told.
Chief executive officer Phillip Hare was asked about one case where a YMCA employee was charged child pornography offences, and another when a gym instructor at the YMCA Caringbah Hall was convicted of child sexual offences against children in his care in 1991.
Mr Hare told Gail Furness, counsel assisting the Commission, he knew about the first case but did not know about the second one.
He conceded the YMCA's opening statement to the commission was also inaccurate in claiming "there have been external audits of the YMCA that have recognised the YMCA as being at the forefront of child safety."
Evidence before the commission is that YMCA was notified that it received the second lowest of four possible ratings in a Department of Education and Communities quality audit in August this year.
Mr Hare, who started with the YMCA when he was 21, conceded management "from myself down" failed by recruiting Lord and failed to make sure staff were clear about their obligations to report child safe policy breaches.
Earlier this year Lord was convicted for sexual offences against 12 boys during the two years he worked at the YMCA.
He was jailed for a minimum of six years.
But Mr Hare rejected the suggestion the YMCA had a cultural problem which prevented staff from reporting Lord's breaches of child safety.
Staff gave evidence they observed breaches including Lord being alone with children, babysitting them privately, having them sit on his lap, saying he loved one and letting them play with his mobile phone.
Danielle Ockwell, who was supervised by Lord and asked for child protection training because she was concerned about his behaviour, testified she found the YMCA Caringbah children's services manager Jacqui Barnat who supervised Lord "very intimidating and hard to approach a lot of the time."
The CEO said he did not accept staff's evidence that they were uncomfortable with reporting upwards to their managers.
Rather, he said, their friendships with Lord clouded their judgements about reporting him.
Mr Hare said he had provided his view to the YMCA NSW board that the lesson for the organisation from the "Jonathan Lord incident" was "not about reporting" by staff, and the board agreed with him.
Mr Hare said the decision to get staff to sign confidentiality agreements soon after the allegations emerged was made by YMCA general manager of children's services Liam Whitley.
He said it was intended to avoid contamination of evidence but was "overzealous" and poorly executed.
YMCA NSW was not a child safe organisation at the time Jonathan Lord was employed between 2009 and 2011, child sex abuse expert Professor Stephen Smallbone of Griffith University told the commission.
He said there were "serious problems" in recruitment, screening, induction, training and supervision of staff.
The hearing adjourned until December 20.
Tony Blair said he'd seize the chance to return as Britain's prime minister - but acknowledges a comeback is unlikely.
In an interview overnight to mark the fifth anniversary of his departure from office, the 59-year-old aired his views on various domestic policies.
Since he stood down in June 2007 after a decade as leader, Mr Blair has largely avoided discussing British politics, confining most of his comments to foreign affairs and his role as envoy to the Quartet of Middle East peacemakers.
Asked if he would return to the post of prime minister, Mr Blair was quoted by London's Evening Standard as saying: "Yes, sure, but it's not likely to happen is it, so..."
As crowds of horse-showing experts gathered in Cardiff to battle it out for Horse of the Year, they knew the competition would be tough.
But nobody was quite ready for three-year-old Fenton Kirkland.
Not yet in school and just months on from taking his first steps, the toddler and his pet Shetland pony Toffee trotted through the three rounds with ease to take the top prize - leaving their 30 adult opponents trailing behind.
The inseparable pair - who are the same height - were commended for appearance, behaviour and style at the annual contest run by Sunnybank Equestrian Centre, in Rudry near Cardiff.
Taking to the stage against men and women in smart bowler hats, he tipped his flat cap at a jaunty angle and paraded two-year-old Toffee around the ring.
Fenton was lauded by judges for natural handling skills well beyond his years.
And Toffee received top marks for his appearance and personality.
Fenton was given Toffee as a third birthday present last March and has practised with the Shetland pony every day since.
His mother Donna, 30, said: "Fenton and Toffee are a great double act."
They were up against all comers but the two of them walked off with the gold cup and rosette.
It was only the second time he had competed with Toffee and we were all ecstatic when he won.
Complete strangers in the arena all thought he was so phenomenal they wanted photos taken with him.
The youngster, from the village of Nantyglo, near Ebbw Vale, South Wales, is following in the footsteps of his aunt Sharon Howells, who has been showing horses for more than 10 years.
Mrs Howells said: "The whole place was electric and everybody was cheering and clapping."
He was running on sand down the full length of the arena and even though he looked so tiny he did a marvellous job.
Fenton is animal mad - he loves horses, tractors and farms and has got two chickens which he looks after.
The way he has started he'll be at the Horse of the Year show before long - and I'm sure he'll do well.
A spokesman for the annual horse show said: "Fenton is only three but he knows how to handle his pony."
They are a great team together.
The judges marked Fenton and Toffee on how well they were turned out and the way they presented in the show ring.
They look for good teamwork between the pony and the handler - Fenton and Toffee were the best in the ring.
I'm sure Fenton was helped by his cute clothes, he really looked the part.
China plea paper 'to be overhauled'
A Chinese newspaper that made a front-page appeal for the release of a reporter accused of defamation is to be overhauled, a press regulator says.
The Guangzhou-based New Express made a rare public plea for the release of journalist Chen Yongzhou.
But Mr Chen subsequently admitted on television that he had taken bribes to fabricate stories about a part state-owned company.
Now the New Express is to undergo "full rectification," the regulator said.
The "rectification" order came from the Guangdong Administration of Press and Publication, Radio, Film and Television.
A preliminary investigation showed that Yangcheng Evening News Group's New Express had published several untrue reports about listed company Zoomlion in the period of September 2012 to August 2013.
"New Express's editorial management was disordered," the regulator said in a statement.
It said it had decided to "impose an administrative penalty on Chen Yongzhou by revoking his reporter's license."
It had also "instructed Yangcheng Evening News Group to undertake a complete rectification of New Express, and recommended they investigate the relevant responsible persons at New Express and immediately revise New Express's leadership team."
Mr Chen wrote several articles for the New Express alleging financial irregularities at a construction-equipment company called Zoomlion.
After he was detained, his newspaper published two front-page appeals for his release, saying it backed his journalism.
But Mr Chen then appeared on state television admitting he had published false stories for money.
"In this case I've caused damages to Zoomlion and also the whole news media industry and its ability to earn the public's trust," he told state broadcaster CCTV.
I did this mainly because I hankered after money and fame.
I've realised my wrongdoing.
Following Mr Chen's apology, New Express issued a front-page apology, saying it had failed to properly check his reports.
Several high-profile suspects have made televised confessions recently.
Experts say confessions are still routinely coerced, despite a change in the law earlier this year banning the authorities from forcing anyone to incriminate themselves.
US-Mexico drug tunnel with its own railway found
One of the most sophisticated drug smuggling tunnels between the USA and Mexico has been found, complete with its own lighting, ventilation and electric rail systems.
US authorities described the four foot by three foot tunnel as one of the most sophisticated secret passages they have ever discovered.
The tunnel, which zigzags the length of nearly six football pitches, links warehouses near Tijuana, Mexico and San Diego, USA.
The area is filled with nondescript warehouses, making it easier to conceal trucks being loaded with drugs.
The tunnel was shut down before any drugs made it through undetected, authorities said.
Authorities seized eight-and-a-half tons of marijuana and 327 pounds of cocaine in connection with the tunnel's discovery, according to court records.
Three men who authorities say worked as drivers were charged with possession of marijuana and cocaine with intent to distribute.
They face prison sentences between 10 years and life imprisonment if convicted.
In Nogales, Arizona, smugglers tap into vast underground drainage canals.
The tunnel is the eighth major passage discovered in San Diego since 2006.
Some of the largest tunnels have been discovered after central Mexico's marijuana harvest in October, which presents drug cartels with a challenge of how to quickly get their product to consumers.
In 2010, authorities found a roughly 700-yard passage equipped with rail tracks that extended from the kitchen of a Tijuana home to two San Diego warehouses.
Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr still love each other
Actors Orlando Bloom and Model Miranda Kerr want to go their separate ways.
However, in an interview, Bloom has said that he and Kerr still love each other.
Miranda Kerr and Orlando Bloom are parents to two-year-old Flynn.
Actor Orlando Bloom announced his separation from his wife, supermodel Miranda Kerr.
In an interview with US journalist Katie Couric, which is to be broadcast on Friday (local time), Bloom said, "sometimes life doesn't go exactly as we plan or hope for".
He and Kerr still love each other, emphasised the 36-year-old.
"We're going to support one another and love each other as parents to Flynn".
Kerr and Bloom have been married since 2010. Their son Flynn was born in 2011.
According to dictionaries, veganism is a sub-category of vegetarianism, yet the two do differ considerably.
For while vegetarians allow themselves to consume cream tarts, ice cream or a strong Edam, these indulgences are off the menu for vegans.
Milk, cheese, egg - alongside avoiding meat and fish, vegans refrain from eating all products of animal origin - even honey is not permitted.
You might ask what is left, however, upon closer inspection the world of vegan nutrition is characterised by great resourcefulness.
"Spreads are very popular," explained Ute Henkelmann the owner of the local health food store, which provides a host of special products for vegans.
Reuben Proctor also likes to visit the store on "Domgasse".
The New Zealander has been vegan for 13 years, and in Lampertheim he can find (almost) everything that he needs to get by. "In 1997 I adjusted my diet and became a vegetarian".
At the turn of the millennium I took the next step and became vegan.
"However, it wasn't just the diet that convinced me, but also my choice of shoes," said Proctor, who prefers artificial leather over normal leather.
He realised that you can also overcome all other daily concerns without animal products.
First and foremost, being vegan is a matter of ethics.
"I don't want animals to have to die for me," said Proctor, expressing the maxim of vegans, which applies to all their consumer behaviour.
Rather than missing burgers, scrambled eggs or gummi bears, the vegan has quickly discovered entirely new products that really inspire him.
"It is a double bonus," says Proctor now, "in actual fact being vegan is not about doing without, it's not about asceticism, but rather it is an enhancement". Regarding the assumption that when you convert your diet you are reducing your choice of meal options, Proctor puts this down to force of habit.
And it is precisely this conditioning that results in many a well-intentioned attempt failing.
"The temptation factor is a decisive factor in causing many to quickly give up, similar to with smoking," says Proctor, providing a comparison.
And he argues: "Certain flavours are not linked to animal produce".
Often it is the herbs or the type of preparation that provide the flavour.
"You can, however, create the same effect in other ways," explains the vegan.
For example, when attending a barbecue party, Proctor brings aubergines, mushrooms and also a few vegan sausages.
He ensures a balanced, varied diet, whereby everything should also have a good hearty flavour.
Of course you want to have something with a bit of bite, that is fair enough.
"It should be tasty, but this doesn't necessarily mean animal-based food," said Proctor.
He has not suffered any damage to his health or eating disorders - another wide-spread assumption.
Converting has had a positive effect for me.
I do not consume any foreign cholesterol and have increased my vitamin intake.
There are top athletes who also have an exclusively vegan diet.
"My blood values are excellent - I have myself checked on a regular basis," revealed Proctor.
Many critics of veganism warn in particular of the lack of vitamin B12.
"Because animals are fed on fodder instead of grazing, it is dubious whether the vitamin B12 content in meat sold in freezers is actually high," commented Proctor.
For vegans there is also the option of taking the co-enzyme in the form of tablets.
"My B12 values are fine," he explained.
Proctor does not have to travel far to buy food.
There are basic foodstuffs available everywhere, and every supermarket now has soya milk and other products.
I can find everything I need locally.
I only purchase special items now and again.
"Many people overlook the fact that even though ready-made vegan products are expensive, it is well-known that this is also the case for "normal" ready-made products.
In any case, the preparation of vegan dishes is much cheaper and less time consuming than commonly assumed.
"In home cooking, there is much to be discovered - with a few minor tweaks you can achieve good, if not sometimes better results," said Proctor.
Margarine in place of butter, a little more baking powder and bicarbonate of soda in place of egg - Proctor has even managed to astonish his in-laws with his vegan cheese cakes.
The vegan adds new spice to family parties.
When you cook together there is a certain dynamic - cooking takes on new value.
"The situations that may arise are as varied as the people themselves," said Proctor.
Of course he has already met with scepticism.
Do you not like my food any more?
"Should I feel bad now because I drink milk?" - as a vegan you have to be tactful in such matters.
"I do not disapprove of people, I am part of this society," said Proctor, explaining that he was not choosing a life of isolation.
And on closer observation, the everyday world does not appear quite so 'un-vegan' - and vegans are not quite as limited in their everyday lives as is commonly assumed.
Fast food is also permitted.
Chips are available everywhere!
"Many doner kebab houses offer falafel, or even vegetarian Yufka," says Proctor.
In a pizzeria he avoids pasta dishes or just orders a pizza without cheese, all just a question of habit.
Restaurants are slowly adapting to things.
"When I began eating a vegan diet 13 years ago, things were even more difficult," says the New Zealander, and he points out: "You have to talk with people, make them aware".
"If enough requests are made, they will perhaps be inclined to expand their menus," he hopes.
There are vegan restaurants opening up, such as the Kombüse in Mannheim or Café Vogelfrei.
Proctor hopes that other restaurants will also have at least one vegan dish on the menu.
Essentially, vegan dishes are for everyone.
Anyone can eat them, they are the exact opposite of exclusive.
"Meat dishes, on the other hand, are exclusive, in the truest sense of the word, as they rule others out," assessed Proctor.
"If you want to avoid food scandals, veganism is a safe way to rule out the majority of scandals from the outset," says Proctor.
However, purchasing vegan products can be difficult to start with.
OInce you come to understand that peanuts, in particular, may also contain animal additives as a colourant, people seem to quickly lose courage when following a code of ethics with so many hurdles and pitfalls.
Therefore, for this reason and others, Reuben Proctor and Lars Thomsen have written a book. "Veganissimo - Tierische Inhaltsstoffe und ihre Alternativen" (Veganissimo - Animal Ingredients and their Alternatives) explains the many ingredients hidden in both foodstuffs and cleaning agents.
"You gradually develop an internal scanner and you know which symbols and logos you have to look out for". Proctor has learned that "it is sometimes better too take small steps rather than to stand still or stumble".
Veganism is an important moral compass, which has an effect on your consciousness.
Perhaps he won't manage to help you break old habits altogether, but at least he manages to teach consumers to critically question their habits.
Stock exchange operator Nasdaq OMX keeps its customers on tenterhooks.
Trading at the Nasdaq Options Market was interrupted on Friday afternoon, German time.
In an announcement, the operator cited technical problems as the reason.
On the other eleven options markets, including two also operated by Nasdaq OMX, business continued as normal.
The most recent incident is the latest in a series of both small and large breakdowns suffered by the stock exchange operator.
As recently as last Tuesday, the Nasdaq indices were not calculated for one hour due to data transfer errors.
In August of this year there were two breakdowns in a single week.
First of all, US investment bank Goldman Sachs sent large quantities of incorrect purchase orders to the options markets due to technical problems.
As a result, the stock exchange operators required almost an entire day to look through and delete the orders.
Two days later, half of all stock dealing in the USA came to a standstill for several hours, due to a computer failure in the Nasdaq exchange.
Furthermore, last year the listing of Facebook on the stock exchange caused quite a furore.
The Nasdaq systems could not cope with the flood of purchase and sales orders, the Exchange Supervisory Authority established at a later date, imposing a record penalty of 10 million dollars on the company.
Konstanz: Cyclist knocks over 63-year-old man
According to the police, the accident occurred on Thursday evening at around 10:00 p.m., when a 26-year-old man was cycling illegally, on the left footpath of the Bahnhofplatz in the direction of Marktstätte, on a ladies bicycle.
According to police, when a 63-year-old man suddenly stepped out of a pub onto the footpath, the cyclist was unable to brake in time.
During the subsequent collision, the pedestrian was thrown against the wall of the building, and then fell onto the ground, suffering a laceration to the head that measured around 15 centimetres in length.
An ambulance team brought the injured man to the clinic for medical treatment.
British police serve Assange with extradition notice
Btitish police served an extradition notice today on WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who has taken refuge in Ecuador's embassy in London and requested asylum.
Scotland Yard said they had served a "surrender notice" on the 40-year-old Australian requiring him to appear at a police station, adding that failure to do so would make him further liable to arrest.
Assange faces extradition to Sweden over sex crime allegations, having exhausted his options under British law when the Supreme Court overturned his appeal against extradition earlier this month.
Fearing Stockholm would pass him on to the US, he sought refuge at Ecuador's embassy in London on June 19, asking the South American country for political asylum.
Scotland Yard has "served a surrender notice upon a 40-year-old man that requires him to attend a police station at date and time of our choosing," a spokesman said.
He remains in breach of his bail conditions.
The embassy declined to comment on the serving of the police notice.
Assange fears he will be extradited from Sweden to the United States to face possible espionage charges, after releasing more than 250,000 US diplomatic cables on the WikiLeaks anti-secrecy website.
Driver speeding at 130mph with hot drink between legs fined £1,000
A motorist has been fined £1,000 for driving at up to 130mph (210km/h) with a hot drink balanced between his legs.
Andrew Howie, 35, of Tiptree, Essex, was spotted driving his Mercedes Benz on the A120 at Braintree on 27 May.
When police stopped him they discovered the takeaway drink between his legs.
At Colchester Magistrates' Court Howie admitted a charge of driving without due care and attention.
Seven points added to his licence resulted in him receiving a six-month driving ban.
Howie was also ordered to pay costs of £90 and a victim surcharge of £100.
Tax on foreign property owners to burst London's bubble
The Treasury have provisionally costed out the CGT measure but are awaiting a final decision from Mr Osborne, who, in the 2012 Budget, introduced a 7% rate of stamp duty for homes costing more than £2m and annual charges for buyers who choose to hold homes in a company rather than as individuals.
Already the stamp duty take for residential property in the boroughs of Westminster and Kensington & Chelsea, which stood at £708 million in the 2012/13 tax year, exceeds the combined total for Northern Ireland, Wales, Scotland, the North East, North West and Yorkshire and the Humber put together.
Mr Cook said: "Following increases in stamp duty of high value homes and the introduction of associated anti-avoidance legislation, it is very difficult to argue that high value property is under-taxed irrespective of the effect of the out-dated council tax system."
"But this move could make some foreign investors reticent to buy property in London or current owners reluctant to sell," he added.
Prime property - the top 5% to 10% of the housing market by price - in the affluent south-west London belt, which stretches from Fulham to Wimbledon, has increased by a record 11.8% over the past year.
Prices in central London continued to show steady year-on-year growth of 5.6% but were overshadowed by a burgeoning "domestic market" with the city's south west, north (7.4%) and east (6.5%) all experiencing an uptick, according to research from Savills.
Scientists have shed more light on how the movements of a dog's tail are linked to its mood.
Earlier research had revealed that happy dogs wag their tails more to the right (from the dog's point of view), while nervous dogs have a left-dominated swish.
But now scientists say that fellow canines can spot and respond to these subtle tail differences.
Prof Georgio Vallortigara, a neuroscientist from the University of Trento, said: "It is very well known in humans that the left and right side of the brain are differently involved in stimuli that invokes positive or negative emotions."
Here we attempted to look at it in other species.
He added that just as in humans, for dogs the right side of the brain was responsible for left-handed movement and vice versa, and the two hemispheres played different roles in emotions.
To find out more about how dogs react to the lop-sided tail wags of other dogs, the researchers monitored the animals as they watched films of other dogs.
They measured the pets' heart rates and analysed their behaviour.
It will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way, sometimes the other
Prof Vallortigara said: "We presented dogs with movies of dogs - either a naturalistic version or a silhouette to get rid of any other confounding issues, and we could doctor the movement of the tail and present the tail more to the left or right."
When the animals saw an otherwise expressionless dog move its tail to the right (from the tail-wagging dog's point of view), they stayed perfectly relaxed.
But when they spotted a tail veer predominantly to the left (again from the tail-swishing dog's point of view), their heart rates picked up and they looked anxious.
Prof Vallortigara said he didn't think that the dogs were intentionally communicating with each other through these movements.
Instead, he believes that they dogs have learned from experience what moves they should and shouldn't feel worried about.
He said: "If you have several meetings with other dogs, and frequently their tail wagging one way is associated with a more friendly behaviour, and the right side is producing a less friendly behaviour, you respond on the basis of that experience."
The researchers say the findings could give owners, vets and trainers a better insight into their animal's emotions.
Dog behaviour expert John Bradshaw, a visiting fellow at the University of Bristol's school of veterinary science, said this was not the first study to examine whether left and right were important to canines.
Last year a team from the University of Lincoln found that dogs turn their heads to the left when looking at an aggressive dog and to the right when looking at a happy dog.
And in another research paper from the University of Victoria in Canada, he said: "Dogs were more likely to approach a robot dog when its 'tail' was made to wag left rather than right, rather than becoming anxious - the opposite way around to the Italian study."
He said the differences could be because the dogs in the different studies were not fully interpreting the animals in the films or robo-dogs as canines.
A study of how dogs responded to real dogs could help, he explained.
"While there is considerable evidence from many different mammals that the two sides of the brain are used for different purposes, much of the detail still has to be hammered out - and dogs are no exception," he said.
However, given the ease with which their behaviour can be recorded, it will probably not be long before we understand why their tails sometimes go one way, sometimes the other.
Arctic Monkeys postpone Glasgow gig due to Alex Turner's illness
Rock band the Arctic Monkeys have postponed a gig in Glasgow after their lead singer was diagnosed with laryngitis.
The Sheffield group were scheduled to perform at the Hydro venue in the city on Friday.
However, lead singer Alex Turner's illness has forced them to reschedule the show.
The band's announcement came after they were forced to similarly postpone a gig at the LG Arena in Birmingham on Thursday.
In a statement on their official website, the Arctic Monkeys said: "Following the decision to postpone the show at the Birmingham LG Arena tonight and after seeking medical advice, Arctic Monkeys must also postpone the show at the Glasgow Hydro on Friday, November 1."
"Alex Turner has been diagnosed with laryngitis and is regrettably not able to perform."
The show at the LG Arena in Birmingham will now take place on November 20 and the show at the Glasgow Hydro will now take place on November 21.
All tickets remain valid for these shows.
We wish to apologise to all ticket holders for any inconvenience this has caused.
Please contact the customer services at the box office you purchased your tickets from for any further assistance.
Pope Francis to name first cardinals in February
Pope Francis will create new cardinals of the Catholic Church for his first time on February 22, the Vatican announced Thursday.
Cardinals are the highest-ranking clergy in the Catholic Church below the pope, and they're the ones who elect popes, so Francis will be appointing his first group of men who will ultimately help choose his successor.
There are now 201 cardinals.
However, once a cardinal reaches 80 he is no longer permitted to participate in the election of a pope -- this falls to a group of 120 "cardinal electors."
In a statement announcing the news, Father Federico Lombardi, a Vatican spokesman, said a meeting of all the existing cardinals would be held before the ceremony to elevate the new cardinals, known as a consistory.
"Pope Francis has decided to communicate his decision to convoke February's consistory in advance in order to facilitate the planning of other meetings involving the participation of cardinals from different parts of the world," Lombardi said.
Jack Valero of Catholic Voices said that by February, the number of cardinal electors was likely to have dropped.
He said usually a pope would name as many cardinals as was needed to raise the number of cardinal electors back to 120 and as many cardinals aged over 80 as he wanted.
Next year's consistory would be significant because it would be the first since Francis was elected in March this year, Valero said.
At the moment there is a sort of bias towards Europe and especially towards Italy.
"It will be interesting to see whether the new Pope will nominate cardinals from the rest of the world to restore the balance," he said.
Forty percent of Roman Catholics are in South America, but they have a tiny number of cardinals.
The cardinals will also be the first to be chosen since Francis formed the Council of Cardinals, a group of eight cardinals from around the world tasked with looking into ways to reform the church.
In the past the Pope decided everything on his own.
"Now Francis has selected these eight cardinals to help him," Valero said.
He said it was "quite possible" that Francis would ask the cardinals for advice.
But we've not been in that situation before -- it's all completely new.
Valero said popes typically elevated bishops from large places to the position of cardinal but that Francis was "full of surprises -- so we don't know who he'll name."
GM recalls some new pickup trucks in U.S. to fix seatbacks
General Motors Co is recalling nearly 19,000 of its all-new 2014 Chevrolet Silverado and GMC Sierra pickup trucks to repair a problem with the manual reclining seatback, according to a notice from U.S. auto safety regulators on Friday.
On some of the trucks, the front seats may have a defect in the reclining mechanism.
As a result, the seatbacks fail to comply with federal auto safety standards on head restraints.
"If the vehicle is struck from behind, the head restraint may not properly protect occupants, increasing the risk of injury," according to the notice posted on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration website.
The recalled models were built between August 1 and September 10.
GM's truck roll-out began in June and represents the most important vehicle launch for the No. 1 U.S. automaker since its 2009 bankruptcy restructuring.
GM told truck owners about the defect in the first half of October.
NHTSA could not review the owner notification letter due to the 16-day government shutdown, which tempered auto sales growth in October.
Sales of the Silverado and Sierra trucks, which were redesigned for the 2014 model year, were up about 20 percent during the first 10 months of the year, GM said on Friday.
In October, GM sold 42,660 Silverado and 16,503 Sierra pickup trucks.
GM shares were up 1.4 percent at $37.47 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday afternoon.
An Obama voter's cry of despair
I voted for President Obama twice, sharing hope in possibility of change
He says Obama has had worthy efforts thwarted by GOP obstructionism
Obstructionism can't excuse Obamacare website woes, drone attacks
Obama's 2008 campaign memoir is a sad reminder of what might have been
Nathaniel P. Morris is a second-year student at Harvard Medical School.
I'm reading a terribly sad book these days.
It's a book that I thought would uplift me during the doldrums of second-year medical school, and renew in me a sense of hope.
It's called "The Audacity to Win," and it's a memoir of Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.
When I'm finished with my patient write-ups at night and get into bed, the book returns me to a time when politics inspired millions and speeches could take your breath away.
The election turned out to be a landslide, and news anchors paused to reflect on the historic nature of the hour.
My classmates cried with joy, and my parents saved every newspaper they could find.
A young team of visionaries was headed for the White House, and the nation was ready for change.
During Obama's transition to office in 2008, he had an 82% approval rating.
And then I close the book.
Cutting to the present is a rude awakening, like snapping out of a dream.
It's hard to remember those days of optimism -- they seem a distant memory, a sad reminder of opportunities gone by.
Change indeed happened, in the years since I cast my first ballot.
It was simply nothing I could have imagined.
I credit Obama with great and varied accomplishments, from the passage of the Affordable Care Act to our military exit from Iraq, the end of "don't ask don't tell," to the killing of Osama bin Laden.
Moreover, I believe that partisan obstructionism has upended too many efforts to push our nation forward: immigration reform, a public option for health care, and closing the base at Guantanamo Bay, among others.
But, after the countless times in which I have found myself defending the Obama administration to colleagues and peers, I've reached a limit to the explanations that I can provide.
I've reached a point of political despair.
Republican obstructionism cannot explain allowing the bugging of foreign leaders, nor having drones strike innocent children overseas.
It cannot explain having the National Security Agency collect data on the private lives of Americans, nor prosecuting whistle-blowers who reveal government wrongdoing.
It cannot account for assassinating Anwar al-Awlaki, an American citizen, without a trial, nor shirking public funding and spending limits during presidential campaigns.
It cannot justify the findings of a report that says the White House's efforts to silence the media are the "most aggressive ... since the Nixon Administration."
And, most recently, it cannot excuse the failure to design a simple website more than three years since the Affordable Care Act was signed into law.
I don't know if this is what I should have expected.
If, at 18 years old, I was supposed to figure out that governance may contradict the political campaigns that precede it.
Obviously, elective office isn't a predictable course, as the opposing political party and random events, such as the Newtown massacre, will shape our public conversation.
Yet, of all of the examples that I have listed above, they largely seem to be of the administration's own choosing.
That is what troubles me most of all.
I voted for Obama again in 2012, but not because I was excited by his candidacy.
Mitt Romney presented a confusing and unrefined alternative who could not seem to lock down his policies or his positions.
I felt that a second term for Obama, free from the pressures of future elections, would fulfill the hope that we had heard of for so long.
Still, as Obama's approval rating sank below 45% this week, returning to 2008 through that book has become that much harder.
It makes me yearn for the many promises that disappeared.
This week I was reading the portion of the book describing how Obama suffered a huge loss to Clinton in the Pennsylvania primary.
At a post-mortem campaign meeting, he told his staff that they needed to get back on track and stay true to the purpose of their cause.
"I want us to get our mojo back," he said.
We've got to remember who we are.'
It's five years later, Mr. President, and I couldn't agree with you more.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nathaniel Morris.
Clive Palmer claims PM Tony Abbott has conflict of interest over parental leave scheme
Billionaire MP Clive Palmer says Prime Minister Tony Abbott has a conflict of interest over his parental leave scheme because his daughters might get pregnant and benefit from it.
The mining magnate, who is in a dispute about paying a $6 million carbon tax bill, made the claim as he tried to brush off questions about whether he had a conflict.
The Palmer United Party could control up to four votes in the Senate that may be crucial in deciding if the carbon and mining taxes are axed.
But Mr Palmer claimed it was only ministers who could have a conflict of interest and said Mr Abbott's daughters stood to personally benefit from policies.
"He's got a major conflict of interest when it comes to paid parental leave because if any of those daughters get pregnant, he'll have a direct interest whether they get leave or not," Mr Palmer said.
Two months after the election, the electoral commission officially declared Mr Palmer the winner of the Sunshine Coast seat of Fairfax by 53 votes, after a recount.
Mr Palmer called for overhaul of election counting to speed up the process.
Tony Abbott's daughters Frances and Bridget.
Should this election be decided two months after we stopped voting?
"We need to have a better system," he said.
Why is it that we shouldn't have a system where you can walk in, punch your details into a computer, vote immediately and have a result at 6.30 that night?
Mr Palmer also criticised the use of pencils to mark ballots.
Is it because they can rub out the result if someone doesn't like it?
In this day and age having a pencil seems extraordinary.
The Electoral Commission has been studying options for electronic voting and recently released a joint discussion paper with New Zealand.
Mr Palmer, 59, said his policies included an international airport for the Sunshine Coast and he would take "very seriously" his new job.
Public office is about public service.
"We seek no reward, except the reward of history that we can at a critical time serve this community," he said.
RBS suspends two forex traders
Royal Bank of Scotland has suspended two traders in its foreign exchange division according to two people familiar with the situation, in another sign that the global probe by regulators into the suspected manipulation of the currency market is rapidly gaining traction.
Some of the world's largest banks, including UBS, Barclays, Deutsche Bank and RBS, have confirmed they are co-operating with regulators in investigations into the world's largest financial market, where $5.3tn changes hands each day.
The two traders would be the first RBS employees to be suspended in the widening probe that echoes the Libor interbank lending manipulation scandal.
The bank, which declined to comment on the suspensions, confirmed this month that it has received requests for information from regulators.
"Our ongoing inquiry into this matter continues and we are co-operating fully with the FCA and our other regulators," the bank said two weeks ago.
Last month, people close to the situation said that RBS had turned over records of emails and instant messages to the UK regulator, the Financial Conduct Authority, sent to and from a former trader.
This trader, Richard Usher, left RBS in 2010 and is understand to have be given leave from his current position as European head of forex spot trading at JPMorgan.
Rohan Ramchandani, head of European spot trading at Citi, went on leave this week, while Matt Gardiner, a former senior currencies trader at Barclays and UBS, was suspended by Standard Chartered this week.
None of these traders have been accused of any wrongdoing.
Mr Usher's instant message group included bankers at Barclays and Citigroup, people close to the situation said.
UBS said this week it had taken action against some of its employees after the Swiss regulator, Finma, said it was investigating suspected manipulation of the foreign exchange market at a number of Swiss banks.
At least six authorities globally - the European Commission, Finma, Switzerland's competition authority Weko, the FCA, the Department of Justice in the US and the Hong Kong Monetary Authority - are looking at allegations that bankers colluded to move the currencies market.
HSBC, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse have also launched internal probes or received requests for information from regulators, said people familiar with the situation.
Banks are scouring through years" worth of instant messages and emails to search for instances of wrongdoing.
News about the probes has rattled traders in an area that has been one of the bigger profit drivers of investment banks' trading units in past years but which has been challenged this year as low volatility in currencies cuts opportunities for speculators.
Some bankers have tried to play down the affair by saying the vast and highly liquid foreign exchange market is almost impossible to manipulate, but senior traders are saying this is not necessarily true.
A senior trader said that despite the huge volume of daily foreign exchange trading, the fragmentation of liquidity between different trading platforms and banks" increasing use of their own internal platforms meant that "you can start to get an impact on the market at quite small ticket prices."
The news came on the same day as Credit Suisse announced it had dismissed a trader at its London exchange traded funds desk this week after he had caused a nearly $6m loss late last year.
The bank promptly notified the relevant authorities and has been co-operating with its regulators.
"We are confident the trader acted alone and that the matter has been contained," Credit Suisse said.
Hoarding on the Bechtle plot painted
A group belonging to the "Schweizer Wiese" citizen's initiative has given the hoarding on the Bechtle plot on the spa promenade in Bad Herrenalb a face-lift.
In addition, they have cleaned and widened the footpath, a press release announced.
The planned covering of the dilapidated house to the rear of the plot was not permitted for safety reasons, as the premises were at risk of collapsing.
Alfred Abel, who currently manages the site, arranged the 'face-lift' in cooperation with his colleague, Reinhard Domke, from the citizen's initiative.
Before the citizen's initiative project, a banner with the message "We are in favour" was put up.
However, this did little to distract the 20 or so members of the citizen's initiative from their project.
Their motto, on the large billboard stated "We are against unfinished buildings".
In so doing they wanted to point out the danger of even bigger ruins on the Schweizer Wiese - should the huge project one day fail.
Chatting with many people passing by the "construction site", it became clear that many citizens believe the execution of the project would make things much better for the town, although many have the same questions as the citizen's initiative regarding the scale of the planned project.
However, they are beginning to resign themselves as the town continues to stall in providing answers, said a statement from the citizen's initiative.
We have now been told that the public statements made by the Mayor are also having an impact.
In May, in the meeting of the Town Council, he said that he feared for the outcome of the spa should the population vote against the plans for a spa and wellness complex on the Schweizer Wiese in the local referendum.
Some appear utterly frightened by it, others perceive it as a "blatant attempt to blackmail" the population, continued the press release from the citizen's initiative.
The citizen's initiative thanked those who donated paint and all those who lent a hand.
Rangnick scolding for refs: Mane is no diver
As satisfied as Ralf Rangnick is with the present winning form of the Austrian Bundesliga table-toppers, Red Bull Salzburg, the Sporting Director of the "Bulls" expressed equal disappointment with the referees.
"There is currently a dangerous trend, with Mane and Alan being dubbed as 'divers'," he said at a press conference in Salburg on Thursday, in defence of the two tricky offensive players.
The most recent cause for Rangnick's criticism was the yellow card for Mane at 3:0 against Grödig last Sunday, whereby the Senegalese striker was penalised for supposed play acting - admittedly this was not justified, as shown by TV footage.
"A blatant wrong decision," commented Rangnick, who referred to Harkam as being "completely out of his depth".
Harkam also played "his part" in the escalation between Salzburg Coach Roger Schmidt and Grödig Trainer Adi Hütter after the game.
He firmly defended his German compatriot: "In each individual situation I would have behaved in the same way as Roger Schmidt".
Schmidt himself did not wish to have any contact with his colleagues after the skirmish with Hütter.
I do not know why.
"After all, I was the one who was insulted," emphasised the 46-year-old.
However, with regard to the winning run, Rangnick sang his team's praises.
"There are only two words for it: Really good," he stated.
There is not a lot you can criticise.
Most of all, the manner in which the team is playing is impressive.
We must stay composed and keep it up.
There will hardly be any squad changes in the winter transfer window.
There is no major reason to change anything.
"Unless a player comes forward and expresses the desire to leave the club," explained Rangnick.
Supreme Court upholds Obama health care law
In a major victory for the Obama administration, the US Supreme Court today ruled Barack Obama's signature health care law is constitutional.
By a 5-4 vote, the justices ruled the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act's individual mandate - which requires citizens to buy health insurance by 2014 or else pay a penalty - was constitutional under the taxing power of the government.
Chief Justice John Roberts sided with the four more liberal members of the court while Justices Scalia, Thomas, Alito and Kennedy dissented.
The court also upheld the remaining sections of the 2700 page law, and further held that the health care law's requirement that states increase Medicaid eligibility or else lose all federal Medicaid funding is not unconstitutionally coercive.
The suit to block the law was brought by 26 states and the National Federation of Independent Business.
The law was vigorously opposed by each of the major Republican presidential candidates during the 2012 primary season, including presumptive nominee Mitt Romney.
Norway: Norwegian village lights itself up with huge mirrors
Using huge mirrors, the residents of a Norwegian village have brought light to their dreary valley.
Due to the low level of sunshine, from autumn until spring the village of Rjukan in the Vestfjord valley normally languishes in the shadows of the surrounding mountains.
With three gigantic mirrors, each 45 metres tall, a centuries-old dream came true on Wednesday.
"Finally!', raved Mayor Steinar Bergsland at the inaugural ceremony, televised by broadcaster TV2.
Some valley residents lay back on sun loungers, while others safely put on their sunglasses.
Up until now, those hungry for sunshine in the winter had to travel to a nearby peak by cable car.
Ten years ago, local artist Martin Andersen presented the proposal of directing the sun into the valley using mirrors.
However, this basic idea had been talked of in the location since 1913.
After several years of debate, the Town Council finally approved the project, which cost 5 million krone (around EUR 615,000).
A similar construction has provided sunshine to the Italian alpine resort of Viganella for a number of years.
The post is hardly ever emptied on Sundays
"Many citizens will not yet have noticed that red dots indicating a Sunday post collection are still to be found on many post boxes in the town centre and its districts. However, if you read the small print on the yellow boxes operated by Post AG, you will quickly find out that the boxes are no longer emptied on Sundays and holidays," announced the FDP.
An inquiry by the FDP confirmed this.
Only the post boxes in front of the post office building at Ernst-Ludwig-Straße 36 and at Jakob-Müller-Straße 1 in Hüttenfeld are still emptied.
Whether there are still Sunday collections in Hofheim and Rosengarten is not addressed in the inquiry by the FDP.
The FDP spokesperson for social and youth-related affairs, Fritz Röhrenbeck wants to dig deeper into this.
The Sunday collection is an important postal service, especially in the case of scheduled post.
"The company is radically and unacceptably cutting back on this, despite the price increase for letters in January 2013.
Thomas Bittner, Liberal Party Parliamentary Group and Municipal Association Chairman, is supporting his fellow group members: "What annoys me, is the fact that the collection times have been changed or cancelled on the quiet here".
In so doing, the postal service is miles off the mark when it comes to public accessibility.
"At least the post boxes in the districts of Neuschloß and Rosengarten must still be emptied on Sundays," said Bittner and Röhrenbeck in unison.
It is also the case for the town centre that those citizens in particular who are not mobile must also be able to access a post box with a Sunday collection on foot.
In the Town Parliament, Röhrenbeck asked whether the Town Council was planning discussions with the postal service regarding this matter.
Mayor Erich Maier responded that the postal service had not communicated with Lampertheim.
To the best of his knowledge, however, there is a Sunday collection in Hofheim.
Their party has spoken out in favour of privatisation.
"Decisions will then be made elsewhere," said Maier.
Frankfurt parking fees to increase dramatically
Parking in Frankfurt could soon be noticeably more expensive.
The City Magistrate today discussed a submission by the head of the department for transport, Stefan Majer (Green Party).
According to the proposal, parking fees are to be increased by 50 per cent.
This increase will not, however, be the result of raised prices, but rather the fact that time interval permitted by parking meters and ticketing machines will be reduced from 30 to 20 minutes.
The City Council must reach a decision on this in December.
The Retail Committee of the Frankfurt Chamber of Industry and Commerce believes that this is "not a good idea".
The option of parking right outside their businesses is "an advantage to smaller retailers that must not be underestimated.".
The Verkehrsclub Deutschland (German Traffic Club) is of the opinion that an increase after two decades is "completely appropriate and actually long overdue".
Local public transport will also become more expensive.
Freudenstadt: Quick moves take hosts by surprise
With a slender squad, the TSV Freudenstadt Herren I team (Men's First Team) stepped into the Schiller School Gymnasium in Reutlingen to face TG Gönningen of the Swabian Alb region.
The Alb men stood on the other side of the net with what was undoubtedly a more experienced team.
However, it soon became evident that, due in part to their age, they could not really keep up with the fast pace of the Freudenstadt team.
Gönningen found it extremely difficult to cope with the hard and well-positioned offensive moves.
They repeatedly missed the passes and attacks coming cleanly over the net from Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz and their blocking game was not up to scratch.
Clear victories in the first two sets clearly demonstrated the superiority of the Freudenstadt team in all areas.
Faced with this overwhelming and match-determining performance, the third set was won following a somewhat tame and spiritless performance, for a final score of 3:0 (25:13, 25:14, 25:22).
On 2 November, when they play TV Baiersbronn, who managed a clear victory in Nagold, they will step onto the court to face a much stronger opponent.
TSV Freudenstadt I: Dominik Bäuerle, Yannik Büchle, Sebastian Dölker, Felix Pälchen, Stefan Räller, Simon Schenk and Eduard Schulz.
In the B Class, two teams from Baiersbronn and Freudenstadt faced off in the Murgtalhalle in Baiersbronn.
They produced a hard-fought two-hour match.
Nerves on both sides, particularly when receiving the ball, resulted in errors and lost points; there was even a lack of passing at times and at some critical moments overeagerness saw potential points wasted.
However, in this evenly matched game, the great physical effort of Marcus Blasutto's TSV team proved decisive in spite of tremendous commitment by both teams.
Maintenance day at the small 'Engländerhütte'
For what was then the fifth maintenance day in the follow-up to the Natura 2000 project in Upper Hotzenwald, a group of dedicated participants met at the small Engländerhütte (Englishman's Cottage) in Ibach
Following suggestions from the population, the of the valley in the area of the cottage was to be cleared, said Mayor Helmut Kaiser.
According to Kaiser, many hikers refer to this area as the showpiece of the Schluchtensteig, where the landscape provides the ideal framework for fantastic views.
He thanked those present for their willingness to cooperate and emphasised that the maintenance day is a suitable instrument through which to strengthen the connection between people and nature,
He is offering every citizen the opportunity to focus on nature itself.
At the same time as the tourist aspect, environmental aspects should also be taken into consideration.
This environmental aspect was explained by Friederike Tribukait of the Department of Nature Conservation of the Freiburg Regional Council, following the greeting by Regional Councillor Tilman Bollacher, who had taken on the role of patron and wished the campaign every success.
According to Tribukait, the tourist objective of the vision coincided with the goal of preserving the now extremely overgrown old Allmend grazing pasture, with its specific protected habitats, through its opening and connection to the still existing grazing land.
Certain species, such as rare butterflies or grasshoppers, cannot get past barriers in the form of forest areas.
They require these clear pathways in order to preserve their species.
Tribukait said that she did not want to fail to use this opportunity to say a word in defence of the planned biosphere area.
The current measures do not integrate seamlessly into these plans.
A biosphere area offers the chance for sustainable economic and ecological development on the basis of the internationally recognised Unesco status, and thus offers an extension to what has been achieved thus far with the Life Project and the previous care days.
After the various statements, forest ranger Christoph Wehle and Life Project manager Cornelia Bischoff divided the helpers into groups.
The larger trees had been cut down in advance, although forest tractors were on-call if required.
One group of helpers were to take care of the clearance of juniper bushes and the maintenance of a dry stone wall.
The objective was to create a clear view at the viewpoint.
Löffingen: Köpfler still the only candidate
Information online: Although Löffingen, the small town of Baar, with its 7,514 residents, can be described as having an intact infrastructure, forward-looking school, youth and senior citizens policies and its own municipal energy companies, thus far no-one has registered as a second mayoral candidate.
So far, the only candidate to succeed Mayor Norbert Brugger, who is no longer running on account of his age, is 46-year-old banker and business economist Dieter Köpfler from Löffingen.
The deadline for applications is Monday 11 November, at 6:00 p.m.
Google, Samsung, Huawei sued over Nortel patents
The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google, the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction.
Rockstar, the consortium that bought the Nortel patents for $4.5 billion, sued Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, HTC Corp, Huawei and four other companies for patent infringement in U.S. District Court in Texas.
Rockstar is jointly owned by Apple, Microsoft, Blackberry, Ericsson and Sony.
Google is accused of infringing seven patents.
The patents cover technology that helps match Internet search terms with relevant advertising, the lawsuit said, which is the core of Google's search business.
Representatives for Samsung, Huawei, HTC and Rockstar could not immediately be reached.
Samsung, Huawei and HTC all manufacture phones that operate on Google's Android operating system, which competes fiercely with Apple and Microsoft mobile products.
In 2011 Google placed an initial $900 million bid for Nortel's patents.
Google increased its bid several times, ultimately offering as much as $4.4 billion.
After losing out to Rockstar on the Nortel patents, Google went on to acquire Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion, a deal driven partly by Motorola's library of patents.
"Despite losing in its attempt to acquire the patents-in-suit at auction, Google has infringed and continues to infringe," the lawsuit said.
Rockstar is seeking increased damages against Google, as it claims Google's patent infringement is willful, according to the complaint.
Egypt swears in first freely elected president
Mohamed Morsi takes the oath of office but his day of triumph is unlikely to mark end of political strife in Egypt.
ISLAMIST Mohamed Morsi promised a "new Egypt" as he took the oath of office to become the country's first freely elected president, succeeding Hosni Mubarak who was ousted 16 months ago.
At his inauguration before the Supreme Constitutional Court, Morsi also became the Arab world's first freely elected Islamist president and Egypt's fifth head of state since the overthrow of the monarchy some 60 years ago.
He took the oath before the court's 18 black-robed judges in its Nile-side seat built to resemble an ancient Egyptian temple.
"We aspire to a better tomorrow, a new Egypt and a second republic," Morsi said during a solemn ceremony shown live on state television.
"Today, the Egyptian people laid the foundation of a new life - absolute freedom, a genuine democracy and stability," said Morsi, a 60-year-old US-trained engineer from the Muslim Brotherhood, a fundamentalist group that has spent most of the 84 years since its inception as an outlawed organisation harshly targeted by successive governments.
Hundreds of soldiers and policemen guarded the building as Morsi arrived shortly after 11am local time in a small motorcade.
Only several hundred supporters gathered outside the court to cheer the new president and, in a departure from the presidential pomp of the Mubarak years, traffic was only briefly halted to allow his motorcade through on the usually busy road linking the city centre with its southern suburbs.
Derided as the Brotherhood's uncharismatic "spare tyre," his personal prestige has surged since his victory and his delivery of a Friday speech that tried to present him as a candidate not just of Islamists but of all those who want to complete the work of the 2011 uprising against the authoritarian Mubarak.
"Egypt today is a civil, national, constitutional and modern state," Morsi, wearing a blue business suit and a red tie, told the judges in the wood-panelled chamber where he took the oath of office.
Morsi later travelled to Cairo University where he was to make his inauguration address.
He was given an official welcome by an army band that played the national anthem as he stood to attention.
Military ruler Field Marshal Hussein Tantawi was in attendance.
His arrival was greeted with chants of, "The army and the people are one hand," from the hundreds gathered in the university's main lecture room.
Established in 1908 as a bastion of secular education, Cairo University later became a stronghold of Islamist student groups in the 1970s.
Morsi took a symbolic oath on Friday in Tahrir Square, birthplace of the uprising that ended Mubarak's authoritarian rule last year, and vowed to reclaim presidential powers stripped from his office by the military council that took over from the ousted leader.
But by agreeing to take the official oath before the court, rather than before parliament as is customary, he is bowing to the military's will in an indication that the contest for power will continue.
Morsi's speech in Tahrir Square was filled with dramatic populist gestures.
Falkenberg club makes for two wonderful evenings.
The new season in the Falkenberg "Blue Velvet" club has begun.
This Friday evening, the "Pump this party" event will be taking place, while one day later, on Saturday evening, festivities will continue with an over-25s party.
Fat beats and cool sounds are of course promised by the organisers on both nights.
Worker falls from ladder: seriously injured
On Thursday, a 51-year-old worker in Eggelsberg fell from a ladder while replacing a broken external sensor and was seriously injured.
The man from Lamprechtshausen wanted to replace a broken heating sensor on the external facade of a guest house.
As he was climbing the ladder, which was resting on the roof guttering, it slipped away and the man fell onto the concrete below.
He suffered serious injuries and was taken by the "Christophorus 6" rescue helicopter to the Salzburg Regional Hospital.
Rapist in South Africa: two life sentences
Nine months after the brutal rape and mutilation of a 17-year-old girl in South Africa, the perpetrator was condemned to two life sentences on Friday.
This was reported by broadcaster SABC.
The victim later died as a result of the serious injuries.
Johannes Kana had already been found guilty of the crime at the start of the week.
The crime had caused nationwide horror.
The then 21-year-old had raped Anene Booysen in February in an industrial estate in Bredasdorp, near Capetown.
For 14 hours, doctors battled to save the life of the victim, ultimately in vain.
The sight of the young girl was so horrific that the carers and nursing staff required psychological support.
During the trial, Kana admitted to having been in a bar with Booysen on the night of the attack.
He also admitted to beating and raping her, however he denied being responsible for the death of the girl.
The police had initially assumed that there were multiple attackers, however, they released two suspects from custody as the evidence against them was insufficient.
During the proceedings the public prosecution also emphasised that they were convinced that Kana was alone at the time of the attack.
Rapes are almost part of everyday life in South Africa: There are around 64,000 reports of sexual assault every year.
This is almost ten times as many as in Germany, although with a population of 82 million people, Germany has a much higher number of residents than South Africa (50 million).
Police and women's associations in South Africa, however, estimate the number of unreported cases of sexual assault to be 10-25 times as high.
Jumbo visits the home of Black Forest ham
Jumbo on the search for the "world's best ham": For the TV programme "Galileo", the Pro7 star visited Bonndorf.
The presenter established one thing right from the outset: The most important thing when it comes to ham are the legs of pork - turbo fattening does not provide a good basis for this.
Can ham bought in a supermarket be as good as a quality product?
Uli, boss of the large ham factory in Schwarzwald, explained to Jumbo how the Bonndorf company, "Adler", operates.
"Germany's most-loved ham," said Jumbo, presenting the Black Forest ham.
He could only enter the factory when wearing hair protection and a white coat.
Jumbo also had to first disinfect his hands before he could reach for the microphone.
Jumbo seen getting something to keep him going at a fast food restaurant in Waldshut
"Here they work with huge quantities," commented the television producers, astonished by the mass production of Black Forest ham.
16,000 joints of meat per week speak for themselves.
Weight, fat content and colour: Uli explained what was required for the best quality.
The majority of the pigs are slaughtered at six months old.
Television with standards?
Even specific details such as the pH value of the meat play a role.
The darker the meat, the higher the pH value.
"I would be curious what would happen if you were to measure Roberto Blanco," said Jumbo cynically.
Here the standard of private television production is presented in its purest form.
Nonetheless, it is worth watching.
The viewer sees that joints are still carved by hand.
After all: Black Forest ham traditionally arrives on the shelf boneless.
The secret of the ham is the mix of herbs combined with salt.
The appearance of the smoking tower and furnace remind Jumbo of a submarine.
The trick: Here fir branches in the smoker provide the special flavour of Black Forest ham.
After 20 days in the smoke, the ham is finally almost black.
"And now the slice will disappear inside Jumbo," he said, announcing his sampling of the product.
"That is really delicious," said the TV star in conclusion.
All those involved will be happy with that evaluation.
Thought travel agents were a thing of the past thanks to the internet?
Flight Centre seem to be bucking the trend.
The company has upgraded its full year profit forecast and is looking to record earnings from holidaymakers in Australia and the United Kingdom.
The travel company now expects its full year underlying profit before tax to be between $325 million and $340 million, compared with the $305 million to $315 million it previously forecast.
If the current guidance is achieved it will represent a 12 to 17 per cent growth on the record $290.4 million profit it achieved in 2011/12.
Managing director Graham Turner said Flight Centre had made 8 per cent profit in the first half and had started the second half strongly especially in Australian and UK non-business travel.
"Year-to-date, our 10 countries are profitable and several are on track for record full-year earnings before interest and tax contributions," he said.
This includes Australia and the United Kingdom, which are typically our largest profit generators.
In Australia the leisure business rebounded during the second half which offset a slightly weaker domestic corporate travel market.
Similarly in the UK, Flight Centre's leisure business performed well while corporate clients were spending less.
Its US business had recovered its losses during its seasonally weaker first half and was expected to deliver its third consecutive full year profit.
Flight Centre shares were up 3c at $38.20 yesterday.
Schools urged to focus more on maths, spelling and grammar
English literature courses will require pupils to study at least one Shakespeare play, a 19th century novel, Romantic poetry and contemporary British fiction from 1914 onwards.
The exam will also feature "unseen texts" to encourage wider reading;
A combined English literature and language course will be scrapped.
From 2015, pupils will be required to take a standalone GCSE in language, with strong incentives to choose English literature as a separate qualification.
The Department for Education is due to release the new syllabuses in English and maths tomorrow - the first subjects to undergo a radical overhaul.
It will make changes in other core subjects next year.
In a separate move, Ofqual, the exams regulator, will unveil a shake-up of the structure of GCSEs, with a new grading system and less coursework.
Speaking in the summer, Michael Gove, the Education Secretary, said there was a "widespread consensus that we need to reform our examination system to restore public confidence," insisting GCSEs would be "more challenging, more ambitious and more rigorous."
Studies show that English schools devote less time to maths - 116 hours a year or three hours a week during term time - than in most countries.
By comparison, Australian schools provide an average of 143 hours a year and pupils do around 138 hours in Singapore.
While there will be no formal requirement to devote more of the timetable to maths, Coalition sources said the extensive maths GCSE - combined with more weighting for the subject in league tables - was likely to encourage schools to provide extra teaching.
The syllabus will place a greater focus on "real world problems," including financial mathematics.
Beautiful animals and delicious tarts entice
The most beautiful rabbits of various breeds and colourings will be presented at the District Exhibition this weekend in the community centre.
The evaluations were already made on Thursday.
Once again, the W514 local association are organising this large exhibition.
Here breeders from the clubs in the District of Soest will be exhibiting their best animals, while young private individuals from Wickeder are also showing their rabbits.
On Thursday, six adjudicators assessed the numerous rabbits and were able to assign awards to the exceptional animals.
The visitors to the show will be kept well informed, with the evaluations of all animals posted on their cages.
Mayor Hermann Arndt will be officially opening the exhibition at 14:30.
The rabbit show will, however, be open to all visitors from 10:00 a.m. on Saturday and from 10:00 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. on Sunday, which will be followed by the prize ceremony.
Guests are also invited to take part in a tombola with impressive prizes and to sample some delicious food from the cafeteria.
Pamela Anderson chops off those iconic blonde locks, debuts dramatic new pixie cut.
Pam's blonde locks were made famous by her role in sexy TV show Baywatch.
Pamela Anderson is the latest celebrity to shock fans with a dramatic new hairdo.
The ex-Baywatch babe has ditched her long blonde locks in favour of a platinum pixie crop.
The 46-year-old actress revealed her latest look while out and about in LA on Wednesday and shared a snap on her Twitter page.
It's the first time in 20 years that the blonde beauty has had short hair, and we're loving the demure change.
What do you think about Pammy's hair?
Share with us your thoughts in the comments below.
Salem: Johanna Rahner at the Ecumenical Discussion Forum
At the next Ecumenical Discussion Forum on Monday 21 October, in the Neues Museum des Schlosses (New Castle Museum), the focus will be on the topic of "To hell with Hell - Theological reflections on how we now approach the notion of end times".
The speaker will be Johanna Rahner.
The Ecumenical Discussion Forum is an initiative of the Catholic and Protestant churches in Salem, the Salem Castle and the Lake Constance District Cultural Office.
At the forum, Johanna Rahner wants to address the question of how people today view the "end times" after death.
While people in past centuries were overly conscious of it, focusing on the pictures of heaven and hell "that up until now have defined our ideas", contemporary prophetic teaching on the hope of consummation is characterised more by a certain bashfulness, or even speechlessness.
"The greater hope has been well and truly cast out of Christians by religious critics," said the speaker.
They have "provided us with so many question marks, that we seem to have lost our exclamation marks".
Johanna Rahner continued: "However, the crucial challenge to this remains fear of death".
Associated with this is the matter of that longing, "that dreams that everything will be good at the end".
Johanna Rahner, born in 1962 in Baden-Baden, studied Catholic theology and biology from 1982 to 1989 at the Albert Ludwig's University in Freiburg.
In 1997 she graduated as a doctor of theology, also in Freiburg.
A post-doctoral lecturing qualification in fundamental theology and ecumenical theology followed in 2003 at the Westfalian Wilhelm's University.
Since 2010, Johanna Rahner has occupied a Chair for Systematic Theology in the Institute for Catholic Theology at the University of Kassel.
Geislingen: More than 100 young Catholics from Kleiner Heuberg stand together in the confirmation of their profession of faith
In two services, 101 15 and 16-year-olds from the Am Kleinen Heuberg pastoral care unit were confirmed.
In the morning, the service was accompanied by the Laudato-Si Group, while the afternoon service featured 'The Spirit' youth choir.
Upon receiving the confirmation sacrament, the young people accepted their baptism and asked for the power of the Holy Spirit.
Over recent months those being confirmed, under the direction of Deacon Reiner Dehner and the assistance of several church members, have been preparing for the special day.
In various projects, they learned of the different tasks involved in Christian church life and attended the Youth Day in Untermachtal together.
Illmensee: Second mountain bike race enthuses participants
In fantastic weather, 214 cyclists came to Illmensee to take on the circuit, over the hills and around the lake.
This was announced by Ulrich Knobel of the organising Illmensee Sports Club.
Among the participants there were also numerous amateur cyclists who wanted the chance to practice their hobby in a competitive environment, in particular over the short distance of 15 kilometres with a 300 metre climb.
Two top-class junior cyclists were also in the starting line-up for the competition: Felix Bader from Bad Waldsee and Pascal Treubel from Aach-Linz came with the recommendation of having achieved good positions at the German Championships.
The pair managed to break away from the field in keeping with expectations.
As was the case the previous year, Felix Bader managed to hold on to a small lead right to the end and defended his title as the overall winner of the short distance race
Once again, Pascal Treubel took second place.
In the ladies' race it was Theresa Duelli of Team Albtraum who managed to take top place on the podium.
In second and third places were Anne Adel from Illmensee and Leonie Treiber from Owingen.
The increasing number of riders that live or work in the area is a fantastic development.
And it was not only about top performance - the entire range of athletic ability was represented.
Participants' ages were also wide-ranging, with the youngest starters at ten years old up to the oldest at over 70.
This year, there were even more absolute top athletes at the starting line for the main race.
Four cyclists managed to break away from the top regional racers.
These included Philipp Pangerl, a semi-professional mountain biker from the Black Tusk Racing Team.
Together with a team mate, Pangerl has already twice been crowned World Champion in the 12-hour race.
This year he became European Champion in this special discipline.
Also competing was Roland Ballerstedt, who has already claimed two German duathlon championships.
After 45 kilometres and a climb of 900 metres, the leading riders were neck and neck on the final straight in front of the Drei-Seen-Hall.
Pangerl sped over the finish line in first place.
Only one second later, the experienced Ballerstedt managed to take second place in the overall standings.
Hermann and Warthmann then reached the finish line simultaneously to take joint third in the overall standings.
In the ladies' race, Christiane Cohsmann achieved the fastest time in the main race.
Areane Blersch from Binzwangen took second place, ahead of Natascha Werner from Stuttgart.
Athletes and assistants seemed very satisfied with the smooth and well-organised running of the event.
Trekking through mud, rivers and jungle to provide free medical care
Dr. Georges Bwelle is bringing free health care to rural villages in Cameroon
Bwelle and his team spend almost every weekend seeing hundreds of patients
There aren't many doctors in the west African country; just one for every 5,000 people
Cast your vote here or through your mobile device
Dr. Georges Bwelle is one of the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2013.
You can vote for him, or any of the other top 10 Heroes, to be CNN Hero of the Year.
That person will receive $250,000 to continue their extraordinary work.
For 21 years, Georges Bwelle watched his ill father slip in and out of consciousness, traveling to hospitals that weren't equipped to help him.
Jamef Bwelle was injured in a 1981 car accident near Yaounde, Cameroon's capital.
He suffered only a broken arm at first, but an infection developed and spread to his brain, creating a hematoma that would affect him for the rest of his life.
"There were no neurosurgeons in Cameroon," Georges Bwelle said.
We would have taken him out of Cameroon if we had the money.
Instead, Bwelle spent years escorting his father to overcrowded clinics and hospitals, getting whatever treatment they could get.
"It's not easy," Bwelle said.
You can leave home at 5 a.m., running to the hospital to be the first, and you are not the first.
There are a lot of patients.
Some people can die because they are waiting.
The situation hasn't changed much since Bwelle's father passed away in 2002.
In Cameroon, there is only one doctor for every 5,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
For comparison's sake, the ratio in the United States is one doctor for every 413 people.
And even if they could see a physician, many Cameroonians couldn't afford it.
Two out of five people in the country live below the poverty line, and nearly three-quarters of the country's health-care spending is private.
"The only problem they have is poverty," Bwelle said.
And with poverty, they cannot enjoy their life.
Seeing his father and so many of his countrymen suffer, Bwelle was determined to do something about it.
Dr. Georges Bwelle and his team of volunteers have performed 700 free surgeries in the past year.
He became a doctor himself, working as a vascular surgeon in Yaounde's Central Hospital.
And he started a nonprofit, ASCOVIME, that travels into rural areas on weekends to provide free medical care.
Since 2008, he and his group of volunteers have helped nearly 32,000 people.
Almost every Friday, he and up to 30 people jam into vans, tie medical supplies to the roofs and travel across rough terrain to visit villages in need.
Their luck doesn't always hold out.
They've had to push vehicles through rivers and mud more than once.
But when they arrive, they receive a true heroes' welcome: a feast, singing and dancing, and the best accommodations the community can offer.
In these villages, free medical care is truly a cause for celebration, and Bwelle -- with his big smile and boundless energy -- is more than happy to join in the fun.
The next morning, the team begins meeting with hundreds of patients.
"We are receiving 500 people in each trip," Bwelle said.
They are coming from 60 kilometers around the village, and they're coming on foot.
Each of these weekend clinics provides a variety of medical care.
Many people are treated for malaria, tuberculosis, malnutrition, diabetes, parasites and sexually transmitted diseases.
Others might receive crutches, a pair of donated eyeglasses or free birth certificates -- documentation that's required for school but that many impoverished families simply can't afford.
In the evenings, the team will do simple surgeries with local anesthesia.
Operations are usually done in a schoolhouse, town hall or home; after the procedure, patients get up and walk to the recovery area to make way for the next person.
With the group's generator lighting the operating room and sanitizing equipment, Bwelle and his volunteers work into the early hours of Sunday morning.
It's a backbreaking pace, but village musicians usually help keep the team motivated.
"They are beating drums all night to keep us awake and continue our work," Bwelle said.
On Sunday, the team heads back to the city, tired but proud of their work.
The group -- a mix of Cameroonian doctors and foreign medical students -- has performed 700 free surgeries in the past year, and they know that their help can make a world of difference to those they help.
One man explained that the free hernia surgery he'd received will allow him to work again.
"This will change my future with my family," the man said.
In addition to holding these weekend clinics and working as a hospital surgeon, Bwelle also works nights at private medical clinics around Yaounde.
It's this second job, he said, that funds about 60% of his nonprofit; the rest is covered by private donations.
"I'm not sure when he sleeps," said Katie O'Malley, a second-year medical student from Drexel University in Philadelphia and volunteer with Bwelle's group.
He is always either at the hospital or trying to make money for the organization so he can go on these campaigns.
For medical and nursing students such as O'Malley, who come from the United States and Europe to join Bwelle on his missions, it's a hands-on opportunity they'd never get at home.
"We've been able to scrub in on surgeries where we help blot blood away or hold tools for Dr. Bwelle," O'Malley said.
That's not something you'd ever get to do in America as a second-year medical student.
The student volunteers usually pay their own way to Cameroon, often arriving with donated medical supplies.
But once they arrive in Yaounde, their board, transportation and instruction are covered by Bwelle.
"He's a hero, without a doubt," O'Malley said.
He gives his life to this organization, and his desire to help the Cameroon people is everlasting.
For Bwelle, the near-constant workload isn't a hardship.
Helping others live happier lives, fulfilling a promise he made to his father, is something that brings him great joy.
"I am so happy when I am doing this work," Bwelle said.
And I think about my father.
I hope he sees what I am doing.
To make people laugh, to reduce the pain, that's why I'm doing this.
Check out the ASCOVIME website and see how to help.
Mastering the struggle to perfection.
The role of Santiago, the old man in Hemingway's novel "The Old Man and the Sea", is perfectly suited to Horst Janson.
Janson is an old hand himself when it comes to his profession, the art of acting.
The old man, Santiago, is the best there is when it comes to fishing.
As such, the pair complement one another superbly.
You almost think that you can see the folds in the old man's neck, of which young fisherman Manolo speaks.
When Santiago sits arched over on the chair, tired of life, this is a genuine emotion for Janson.
Furthermore, the role of the old fisherman is a character role, through and through, which Janson masters excellently.
Hemingway told the story of a fighter, a courageous man who doesn't give up and who ultimately wins the battle against the fish as a result of his knowledge and his strong will.
For long periods, Janson is the only performer on the stage.
He manages to focus the audience's attention on himself, with the result that his monologues never become boring, not even for just a moment.
His efforts to finally pull the fish to the surface of the water are so genuine that members of the audience forget that the sea in question consists merely of water bottles, illuminated in blue.
Director Jens Hasselmann has the old man in the boat perform in front of Fischerdorf.
During the course of the performance he has the respective active scene illuminated. Santiago's cabin and the bar of singer Marie-Luise Gunst, who sings of the Cuban lifestyle, with your songs and beautiful voice.
The four musicians accompany with Cuban rhythms and guests at the bar at the same time.
Tourism: Descent to the Romans
Beneath Cologne, a sewage channel from Roman times, measuring around 120 metres in length, has been preserved.
Anyone visiting Cologne cannot miss the cathedral.
The two towers, measuring around 157 metres, extend into the heavens, making it Europe's second tallest church building.
However, only a few visitors who marvel at the two ornate church towers realise that there is much to discover beneath the cathedral.
Rainer Schulze is an expert when it comes to the Cologne underworld.
The meeting point for his tours is the Cologne Tourism Service Centre, right at the cathedral.
The tour begins in a somewhat unspectacular fashion: "We begin in the underground car park," says Schulze.
In the 1970s, the city fathers wanted a car-friendly city, and therefore the only sections of the old city wall that remain are those that were not too tall.
The majority of the users of the parking garage therefore now hurry past the Roman relics and simply drop off their car.
However, anyone who takes a closer look on parking level D2 will discover an archaeological site, cordoned off by metal railings.
Ruins measuring five metres tall, made from stones around the size of the palm of your hand, are waiting to be discovered.
"These are remnants of the Roman city wall, which was built in the second half of the first century A.D," explains Schulze.
Before returning to daylight, Schulze has participants take a glance into a dark, 15-metre shaft on the upper parking level.
This is the well of the old cathedral, which is barely noticed at all these days.
The next stop on the tour is the praetorium, where participants once again descend to the depths.
Here we find the residence of what was once the most powerful man to the north of the Alps, the Praetor of the CCAA.
One visitor wants to know what CCAA means.
"The abbreviation stands for "Colonia Claudia Ara Agrippinensium", which is basically amounts to "City under Roman Law and City of the Agrippinians, founded under Emperor Claudius at the Site of the Altars for the Imperial Cult".
And the Praetorium refers to the former Governor's Palace and the centre of power of the Roman Empire on the Rhine.
From the exhibition vestibule, a tunnel leads to the preserved Roman sewer, measuring around 120 metres in length.
"If you want you can take a peaceful stroll along a section of the so-called Cloaca Maxima," says Schulze, encouraging the guests.
Schulze has one more surprise.
Once he has collected the key from the information desk, he leads the group to a 16-metre, accessible shaft.
"We are now in the Mikwe, a ritual Jewish bath," he explains.
The Jewish congregation built their bath deep into the ground in order to reach the groundwater essential for ritual washing.
To this day the differing water levels caused by the varying levels of the Rhine can be read at the lower end of the Mikwe, the origins of which trace back to the eighth century.
The Mikwe is to form part of an archaeological area at the Town Hall Square, on which construction work is set to begin shortly.
However, it will be a few years before it is complete.
Leg almost hacked off: Rocker retrial
A bloody attack within the 'Rocker' scene is to be re-investigated after more than four years.
Proceedings for attempted murder, grievous bodily harm and material damage, brought against two 30-year-olds have begun before the Frankfurt District Court.
They are being accompanied by strict security precautions.
The accused initially remained silent.
They are said to have been active within the Rocker scene and to have at the time belonged to the Bandidos.
The Public Prosecutor accused them of having stabbed and beaten three men in a car in Finowfurt, together with unknown accomplices.
All the victims were seriously injured, with one man almost losing a leg.
The victims were said to have belonged to the competing gang, the Hell's Angels.
One is said to have been a high-ranking member from Berlin.
It seems that the attack was preceded by a car chase involving several cars.
According to accusations, this was part of a turf war and represented a demonstration of power.
The two accused were acquitted in an initial trial at the beginning of 2012.
At the time, a speaker for the court said that it could not be proven that the men had actually been involved in the bloody feud.
The assailants had worn masks and had not been recognised.
The Federal Supreme Court repealed the verdict following an appeal by the Public Prosecutor's Office and referred the case back to the District Court for a re-trial.
One of the accused is currently serving time in an open prison on account of another offence.
Proceedings initially mainly involved the reconstruction of the series of events on the night of the crime.
The police inspector responsible at the time was invited as a witness.
The central point of focus was on mobile phone conversations between the accused and third parties, which the police had intercepted.
What makes things difficult is that Rockers almost always observe what they consider to be complete silence appearing before the court - they say absolutely nothing.
This also applies in the case of the victims.
In the first trial, only one of the victims spoke out.
When asked, Public Prosecutor Stefan Golfier of the Frankfurt (Oder) Public Prosecutor's Office said that new evidence had come to light since the previous trial.
A further eleven days of proceedings have been scheduled for the trial.
The throwaway society does not think
The night was long, the music loud and the atmosphere good, but at some point everyone has to go home.
Except: In the stomachs of those in the passenger and back seats, hunger strikes.
Of course, this may be down to the odd cocktail or glass of bubbly!
So what could be more natural than to casually pull into the next drive-through to pick yourself up a little treat?
I admit, I am right with you with it comes to picking up some fast food late at night, or early in the morning as the case may be.
A few chips, a coke, a burger - and then straight home and into bed!
However, on the way home the clear differences between me and other hungry clubbers become evident.
What is wrong with people who continually throw their fast food bags out of the car window?!
At the weekend in particular, discarded paper bags can be found at the side of the road and in car parks.
"Why is this?" I ask myself.
Are the people too stupid to take their bags home or throw them into the nearest rubbish bin?
After all, waste paper does more than spoil the landscape.
Bags have also been seen covering transport facilities such as crash barriers, thus causing accidents.
However, the so-called "throwaway society" does not think about such things. They probably do not even know what the term even means.
If you are often out and about in the evening, more often than not with several people in the car, you will know what a back seat can look like after having partied through the night: clothes, bottles and other rubbish begin to pile up.
A few bags won't make much of a difference there - in contrast to on the street where no-one wants to trample through other peoples' leftover food.
I can see the day coming when towns and municipalities will get fed up clearing up - and the fast food chains will have to operate a deposit scheme for their bags.
Obama's Health Care Walk Back
Amid a firestorm of criticism, President Obama yesterday walked back his oft-repeated, unambiguous promise that "if you like your health plan, you can keep it."
With hundreds of thousands receiving cancellation notices from their providers, Republicans have slammed the president in recent days for misleading the American public.
Yesterday, Obama tweaked his original pledge.
"For the vast majority of people who have health insurance that works, you can keep it," he said in a speech in Boston.
Addressing what he called the "flurry in the news" about the cancellations, Obama urged Americans receiving these notices to shop for new coverage in the marketplace.
Most people are going to be able to get better, comprehensive health care plans for the same price or even cheaper than projected.
"You're going to get a better deal," he said.
The administration has said it should come as no surprise that the 5 percent of the population who purchase insurance on their own may be forced to switch plans because their coverage doesn't meet the new standards required under the Affordable Care Act.
"Let me say directly to these Americans: you deserve better," Sebelius said in testimony before the House Energy and Commerce Committee in Washington.
Sebelius, who is overseeing implementation of the Affordable Care Act, said the launch of the online marketplace has gone "miserably" since October.
"I am as frustrated and angry as anyone," she said.
I am eager to earn your confidence back.
An exasperated Sebelius uttered that phrase, caught by a hot mic, to an aide seated behind her at yesterday's House hearing following a contentious exchange with Rep. Billy Long, R-Mo., over whether she should be required to enroll in Obamacare.
More than three hours into the hearing, Long repeatedly pressed Sebelius on why the "architect" of the Affordable Care Act has not voluntarily forgone government-sponsored insurance to purchase a plan through HealthCare.gov, which she is now pitching to millions of Americans.
The government in Jerusalem fails to confirm an attack on the Syrian airforce base
On Thursday, an American government official, who wished to remain anonymous, made a statement to American news broadcaster CNN, stating that Israeli fighter planes had attacked an airforce base in the Syrian town of Latakia the day before.
The target was "missiles and related equipment", which the Israeli government feared were intended for the Lebanese Hezbollah, according to CNN.
The Syrian and Lebanese media, as well as Arabic broadcaster Al-Arabiya, had previously reported that the base in the port town of Latakia was fired upon during the night from Wednesday to Thursday, and the Israelis were identified as the responsible party.
Israeli television broadcaster Channel 2 showed satellite images of the base in Latakia, in which Russian S-125 Newa-type defence missiles and a battery of SA-3 missiles could be seen, which according to Channel 2 have a range of 35 kilometres and can transport warheads weighing up to 70 kilograms.
Unsure, the government in Jerusalem has not officially confirmed the attack.
However, press agency Reuters has also quoted an anonymous Israeli government official as saying that he believed that Israel had carried out the attack, but was not sure.
In any case, a spokesperson for the Israeli Ministry of Defence said: "We are not commenting on these reports".
Journalist Ron Ben-Yishai, writing for daily newspaper Yedioth Ahronoth, emphasised that the Syrian regime had already previously attempted, in some cases successfully, to deliver ground to air missiles to Hezbollah.
The Israeli government had previously repeatedly warned that any attempt by Syria to supply Hezbollah with chemical or other dangerous weapons would be crossing a "red line", which would result in a military response.
John Kerry says US spying has "reached too far inappropriately" in unprecedented admission
John Kerry has indicated a softening of the U.S's defensive stance on its surveillance programmes with an unprecedented admission that on occasions its spying has "reached too far inappropriately."
The Secretary of State also admitted that he'd been guilty, along with Barack Obama, of being on "automatic pilot" as incendiary revelations from whistleblower Edward Snowden about the NSA's spying activities emerged.
The leaks have put the US government at the centre of a diplomatic storm with its allies.
Speaking to an open government conference in London via video link, Mr Kerry said: "There is no question that the President and I and others in government have actually learned of some things that had been happening on an automatic pilot because the ability has been there, going back to World War Two and to the very difficult years of the Cold War, and then, of course, 9/11."
He then became the first high-ranking member of the U.S government to admit that US spying had crossed the line, but emphasised that no one's rights had been abused.
He said: "In some cases, it has reached too far inappropriately."
And the President is determined to try to clarify and make clear for people and is now doing a thorough review in order that nobody will have the sense of abuse.
I assure you innocent people are not being abused in this process.
Mr Kerry insisted, however, that the NSA was a force for good and that its surveillance operations had saved many lives.
He added: "We're dealing in a new world where people are willing to blow themselves up."
There is radical extremism in the world that is hell-bent and determined to try to kill people and blow people up and attack governments.
So what if you were able to intercept that and stop it before it happens?
We have actually prevented airplanes from going down, buildings from being blown up, and people from being assassinated because we've been able to learn ahead of time of the plans.
Meanwhile, U.S. lawmakers will head to Europe to help address concerns abroad about alleged U.S. spying and convince the Europeans of the need to continue joint anti-terrorism efforts with the U.S., the chairman of a Senate subcommittee on European affairs said on Thursday.
Senator Chris Murphy of Connecticut said he spoke with European Parliament members and others this week and is concerned about their threats to stop participating in anti-terrorist organizations because of frustration over surveillance by the National Security Agency.
"It's really important for U.S. national security interests for Europeans to stay on board with us with respect to our mutual anti-terrorism endeavors," Murphy, a first-term Democrat and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on European Affairs, said in an interview from Washington.
And I'm going to Europe to make it clear to them that we need to continue to work together in combatting terrorism, notwithstanding their anger over these NSA programs.
News reports that the NSA swept up millions of phone records in Europe have frayed relations with some U.S. allies, though the agency's chief said this week that they were inaccurate and reflected a misunderstanding of metadata that Nato allies collected and shared with the United States.
Other revelations cited documents leaked by Snowden that the NSA monitored German Chancellor Angela Merkel's cellphone and those of up to 34 other world leaders.
The national intelligence director, James Clapper, defended spying on allies as necessary and said it's commonplace on both sides.
Amid the uproar, Murphy said his office is arranging the congressional trip, expected to take place this year, and hopes the delegation will include members of both parties and both chambers.
Names of other participating lawmakers were to be released in coming days.
He said the itinerary is still being worked out.
While Murphy said the purpose of the trip is to help improve relationships, he said some "tough love" will also be dispensed.
He said European leaders need to be honest with their own people about the kind of espionage programs they've used for years themselves.
"While we can amend our surveillance programs to better protect the rights of Europeans, they also need to come to terms with the fact that we're not the only ones that are out there spying," Murphy said.
Meanwhile, Mr Kerry is scheduled to head this weekend to the Middle East and Poland to address rancor over U.S. strategies in the Syria, Egypt and Iran as well as U.S. surveillance activities.
A stubborn ankle injury threatens to prevent the deployment of Nicolai Müller in the FSV Mainz's Bundesliga away match at FC Augsburg.
Mainz are concerned regarding the availability of Nicolai Müller.
Tomorrow he will attempt to train with the team.
Up until now he has only managed individual training.
"We will shortly make a decision regarding whether he will play," said manager Thomas Tuchel.
The 40 year-old hopes to have his best striker (with six goals) in the team.
Mainz are already without the injured key players Niki Zimling, Julian Baumgartlinger and Niko Bungert.
Australian woman appeals Thai jail time
A 21-year-old Sydney woman sentenced to 15 days jail in Phuket for falsely claiming she was assaulted by a taxi driver is appealing the verdict and has been granted bail.
Stevie Rochelle Bamford was initially found guilty by a Phuket provincial court on June 15 of making false claims after telling Thai police a local taxi driver, with two other men restraining her, carried out the assault in the early hours of Sunday June 10.
However, CCTV footage later revealed she had returned to her hotel safely after becoming separated from her Australian boyfriend.
Phuket police interviewed Bamford for two days before she confessed to fabricating the story.
She was held in local police cells before the court hearing.
Bamford was sentenced to serve the 15-day prison term at a low security detention centre on the outskirts of Phuket rather than in an adult women's jail.
She is the daughter of former Australian league player Peter Tunks, who has appealed to the Department of Foreign Affairs in Canberra to assist his daughter.
Tunks told Sydney's Sunday Telegraph the whole family was "extremely concerned" about his daughter's welfare and wanted her back in Australia.
"It's obviously been a worrying time but we're hopeful to have her back home safely as soon as possible," Tunks said.
Bamford is appealing the sentence and has been granted bail of 50,000 baht.
Reports in Australia said that in the meantime, she was holidaying at the resort area of Krabi in Southern Thailand.
Thai-based legal sources said Bamford was being represented by a local lawyer in Phuket but warned that the appeal may lead to the court increasing her sentence by up to two years and forcing her to serve it in an adult prison.
However, following the recent murder of Australian travel agent Michelle Smith in Phuket, Thailand may also be looking to repair its battered tourist image, leading to an acquittal.
India and Japan prime ministers meet in Tokyo
India's new prime minister, Narendra Modi, is meeting his Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, in Tokyo to discuss economic and security ties, on his first major foreign visit since winning May's election.
Mr Modi is on a five-day trip to Japan to strengthen economic ties with the third largest economy in the world.
High on the agenda are plans for greater nuclear co-operation.
India is also reportedly hoping for a deal on defence collaboration between the two nations.
Karratha police arrest 20-year-old after high speed motorcycle chase
A motorcycle has been seized after it was ridden at 125km/h in a 70km/h zone and through bushland to escape police in the Pilbara.
Traffic police on patrol in Karratha this morning tried to pull over a blue motorcycle when they spotted it reaching 125km/h as it pulled out of a service station on Bathgate Road.
Police say the rider then failed to stop and continued on to Burgess Road before turning into bushland, causing the officers to lose sight of it.
The motorcycle and a person matching the description of the rider was then spotted at a house on Walcott Way in Bulgarra.
Karratha Police have charged a 20-year-old man with failing to stop and reckless driving.
He is due to appear in Karratha Magistrates Court on September 23.
The motorcycle was seized and impounded for three months.
George Webster accused of Nairn and Pitlochry hotel rapes
A man is to stand trial accused of raping women at two hotels.
George Webster, 28, faced the charges during a hearing at the High Court in Glasgow.
He is alleged to have raped a woman at the Scotland's Hotel in Pitlochry in Perthshire on June 7, 2013.
It is claimed Webster attacked her while she was "unconscious, asleep and incapable of giving consent."
Webster is then charged with raping a second woman at the Golf View Hotel in Nairn in the Highlands on May 4, 2014.
Judge Lady Rae set a trial date for November 17 at the High Court in Edinburgh.
Reconnecting With the Very American Ideal That Labor Rights Are Human Rights
Congressmen Keith Ellison and John Lewis have proposed legislation to protect union organizing as a civil right.
"As go unions, so go middle-class jobs," says Ellison, the Minnesota Democrat who serves as a Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair.
That's why I'm proud to introduce the Employee Empowerment Act with civil rights icon John Lewis.
This ground-breaking legislation will give workers the same legal options for union organizing discrimination as for other forms of discrimination - stopping anti-union forces in their tracks
Amending the National Labor Relations Act to allow workers who face discrimination for engaging in union organizing to sue for justice in the civil courts - and to collect compensatory and punitive damages - is a sound and necessary initiative.
But it in certainly not a radical initiative - at least by American standards.
Indeed, the best way to understand what Ellison, Lewis and the cosponsors of their legislation are proposing is as a reconnection with a very American idea.
Despite the battering that unions have taken in recent years - in Wisconsin, Michigan and states across the country - Americans once encouraged countries around the world to embrace, extend and respect labor rights.
There was a time, within the living memory of millions of Americans, when this country championed democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and the right to organize in the same breath.
When the United States occupied Japan after World War II, General Douglas MacArthur and his aides encouraged the country to adopt a constitution designed to assure that Hideki Tojo's militarized autocracy would be replaced with democracy.
Fully aware that workers and their unions had a role to play in shaping the new Japan, they included language that explicitly recognized that "the right of workers to organize and to bargain and act collectively is guaranteed."
When the United States occupied Germany after World War II, General Dwight David Eisenhower and his aides urged the Germans to write a constitution that would assure that Adolf Hitler's fascism was replaced with muscular democracy.
Recognizing that workers would need to organize and make their voices heard in the new nation, the Germans included a provision that explicitly declared: "The right to form associations to safeguard and improve working and economic conditions shall be guaranteed to every individual and to every occupation or profession.
Agreements that restrict or seek to impair this right shall be null and void; measures directed to this end shall be unlawful.
When former First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt chaired the International Commission on Human Rights, which drafted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that would in 1948 be adopted by the United Nations as a global covenant, Roosevelt and the drafters included a guarantee that "everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests."
For generations, Americans accepted the basic premise that labor rights are human rights.
When this country counseled other countries on how to forge civil and democratic societies, Americans explained that the right to organize a trade union - and to have that trade union engage in collective bargaining as an equal partner with corporations and government agencies - had to be protected.
Now, with those rights under assault in America, it is wise, indeed, to recommit to the American ideal that working people must have a right to organize and to make their voices heard in a free and open society.
As the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. said fifty years ago:
History is a great teacher.
Now everyone knows that the labor movement did not diminish the strength of the nation but enlarged it.
By raising the living standards of millions, labor miraculously created a market for industry and lifted the whole nation to undreamed of levels of production.
Those who attack labor forget these simple truths, but history remembers them.
History remembers, as should we.
The formal recognition of labor rights as human rights - and the extension of civil rights protections to prevent discrimination against labor organizing - is long overdue.
Keith Ellison and John Lewis are renewing ideals that have historically enlarged America and made real the promise of democracy.
Judge temporarily blocks law that could close all Louisiana abortion clinics
A U.S. federal judge on Sunday temporarily blocked enforcement of a Louisiana law that advocates say would likely have closed all five abortion clinics in the state.
The measure, signed into law by Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal in June and due to take effect Sept. 1, would require doctors who perform abortions to have patient admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of their practice.
However, the judge's ruling means that for the time being doctors can continue to perform legal abortions while seeking such privileges.
"Plaintiffs will be allowed to operate lawfully while continuing their efforts to obtain privileges," Federal Judge John deGravelles wrote in the decision.
A hearing will be scheduled within a month for the judge to make a more permanent ruling on the law.
Abortion rights activists applauded the decision, the latest in a string of rulings against similar measures, saying it would give doctors more time to seek hospital privileges.
"Today's ruling ensures Louisiana women are safe from an underhanded law that seeks to strip them of their health and rights," said Nancy Northup, president and chief executive of the Center for Reproductive Rights, which sued to block the law on behalf of three of the state's five clinics.
It was not immediately clear whether the ruling applied to doctors from the two clinics who were not plaintiffs in the suit and have also applied for admitting privileges.
Louisiana is among 11 states that have passed similar laws, with courts recently ruling unconstitutional such measures in Alabama and Mississippi.
Key parts of a Texas law that would have shuttered most remaining clinics in that state were blocked by a federal judge on Friday.
Abortion rights campaigners, along with the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists and the American Medical Association, say admitting privileges laws impose medically unnecessary requirements on doctors.
Anti-abortion advocates have countered that the measures aim to protect women's health, though some have also lauded their effect of shuttering clinics.
Only one doctor who performs abortions in Louisiana has hospital admitting privileges, the Center for Reproductive Rights said.
If all other doctors in the state are forced to stop performing abortions, that doctor, fearful for his safety, would stop carrying out the procedure, the group said.
In arguing against the ruling, Louisiana officials said they would not punish doctors performing abortions while their applications for admitting privileges were pending.
Delayed diagnosis and inability to access best treatment mean ovarian cancer kills more in rural areas
Angelina Jolie and her brother James have posted a video tribute to their late mother who died of Ovarian cancer in 2007.
Women living in rural Australia are at higher risk of dying from ovarian cancer than their city counterparts.
Researchers analysed medical records of more than 1100 Australian women diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2005, finding just 35 per cent lived for five years after diagnosis.
Lead researcher Susan Jordan, of the QIMR Berghofer Medical Research Institute, said those living in regional and remote areas of the state were about 20 per cent more likely to die during the study than those in urban areas.
SMALL STUDY: New drugs may slow lung, ovarian cancer
The researchers tracked the women's medical journeys across seven years.
Dr Jordan said a woman's age at the time of diagnosis, ovarian cancer type, having existing illnesses and socio-economic status also impacted on survival chances.
Older women and those whose cancer was more advanced at the time of diagnosis had the poorest survival rates.
Those living in regional and remote areas of the state were about 20 per cent more likely to die during the study than those in urban areas.
Although the study was not designed to determine why women living outside the city were more likely to die from ovarian cancer, Dr Jordan suggested delayed diagnosis and inability to access best treatment might be factors.
"This disease is best treated by gynaecological oncology surgeons and they're mostly based in major cities," she said.
Despite improving tele-medicine services to lessen the tyranny of distance, she suggested more fly-in, fly-out services to allow specialists to treat women closer to home and programs to support people in treatment away from their communities could help.
Dr Jordan said regardless of geographical status, the study found long-term survival among women with ovarian cancer was poor, reinforcing the need for better treatment and prevention strategies.
The research, funded by the Rio Tinto Ride to Conquer cancer, will be published today in the Medical Journal of Australia.
In March 2012, at 33 years of age, young Gold Coast mum Elisha Neave was told that she had an aggressive form of ovarian cancer.
Garden centres rue fall in homeowners
The drop, coupled with a particular decline in the number of homeowners aged under 35, could result in garden centres losing out on tens of millions of pounds a year when today's young consumers reach the "core gardening age group," according to the HTA's study, which was reported by the Financial Times.
According to the report, people renting properties spend an average of 55 per cent of the amount that those with their own homes spend on their gardens.
It cited the rise in people living in highly urbanised areas with no gardens, the popularity of paving over front gardens for parking and shrinking garden size as other factors threatening the industry, which is worth an estimated £5 billion in sales each year.
Greater London, where home ownership has fallen from 61 per cent to 43 per cent in six years, has Britain's lowest spend per household on gardening products.
The HTA and Royal Horticultural Society said that renting property or a lack of garden space did not mean people could not grow plants.
Guy Barter, chief horticultural adviser to the RHS, said: "Container gardening, for example, is especially popular with renters who can move their plants when they relocate."
The HTA report identified the period between 1997 and 2005 as the garden retail sector's 'golden age" as a result of increased home ownership and economic prosperity from the late 1980s to mid-1990s.
It also predicted an improved market this year due to better weather following unfavourable conditions in March and April last year.
In Pakistan, the protest movement led by political opponent, Imran Khan, and the spiritual leader, Tahirul Qadri, continues.
In the capital city of Islamabad, around 1000 demonstrators stormed the government-run television station, PTV.
However, information minister, Pervaiz Rashid, said that soldiers had been able to force the protesters back out of the building.
The TV station stopped broadcasting for approximately 40 minutes, but has since begun to broadcast again.
At the same time, around 3000 demonstrators attempted to reach the official residency of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
Approximately one kilometre away, they clashed with security security services, armed with sticks and stones.
The police used tear gas.
The demonstrators demanded Sharif's resignation, which he refused.
The Pakistan Army called for a political solution to the conflict "without delay and without resorting to violence."
Following a meeting at its headquarters on Sunday evening, the military announced: "The Army remains committed to its task of ensuring security for the State".
The military plays an important role in Pakistan and has taken power by force several times in the past.
The opposition politician, Imran Khan, accuses Prime Minister Sharif of rigging the parliamentary elections, which took place in May last year.
The protests escalated at the weekend, after Khan and Qadri called on their followers to advance to Sharif's residence.
There were three people killed.
Turkey Summons US Diplomat Over Spying Report
The Turkish foreign ministry has summoned the most senior U.S. diplomat in the country for clarification of a report about American and British spying in Turkey.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent said the U.S. charge d'affaires and Turkish officials had discussed the report Monday.
German magazine Der Spiegel and the online magazine The Intercept said that documents provided by former U.S. National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden show that Turkey was a high priority intelligence target for U.S. and British intelligence services.
According to Turkish news wires, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan downplayed the importance of the report, saying that all major countries spied on each other.
An earlier report that Germany's main intelligence agency had also targeted Ankara drew a more angry response from the Turkish government.
Warning strike: Train drivers threaten to strike, causing problems for commuters
The nationwide waning strike made by train drivers on Monday evening could also have a negative impact on passenger services in NW.
The announced walkout will last for between 18 and 21 hours, will affect all transport companies across Germany, including main-line rail, regional trains and city trains,
The brunt of the strike will affect the transport of goods.
Image: A. Burgi/Archive
according to the announcement made in Düsseldorf by the district chairperson for the union of German train drivers (GDL), Sven Schmitte.
We are expecting there to be a significant amount of cancellations.
We are not targeting any regions.
The brunt of the strike will affect the transport of goods.
Deutsch Bahn in NW has announced that they will do everything they can to ensure disruptions are kept to a minimum.
The GDL have not said, however, where they will strike, making it difficult to predict exactly what the consequences will be.
Magaluf police chief charged over corruption
The claimants presented proof of extortion by policemen and Calvià Town Hall civil servants at Mallorca's public prosecutor's office on Friday.
The head of Calvià police on the holiday island of Majorca has been arrested following corruption claims filed by businessmen and bar owners in the notorious binge drinking hotspot of Magaluf.
Chief Inspector José Antonio Navarro has been remanded in custody following corruption claims made against him by several businessmen from Punta Ballena, the street where most of Magaluf's bars and nightclubs are located.
According to online daily Mallorca Diario, the claimants presented proof of extortion by policemen and Calvià Town Hall civil servants at the office of Majorca's anti-corruption prosecutor on Friday.
Two other local police officers were arrested by Spanish Civil Guards in connection to the corruption claims and will have to be questioned by a judge alongside Navarro.
Spanish national daily ABC reported the disgruntled nightclub owners as saying favouritism by authorities was having a serious effect on their businesses.
"It's not about making money anymore, it's about surviving," one of the businessmen told the court.
You don't mess with our livelihoods.
We have nothing to lose.
Magaluf made international headlines this summer as a result of a viral YouTube video which showed an 18-year-old British holidaymaker performing fellatio on 24 men during a pub crawl.
Island authorities have since attempted to clamp down on the drunk and disorderly behaviour of Magaluf holiday revellers by minimizing numbers on the notorious alcohol-fuelled bar crawls.
In addition, the Playhouse club where the fellatio incident took place was forced to shut down for a year, while Playhouse and the bar crawl organizers Carnage were jointly fined €55,000 ($73,000).
The tourist resort of Magaluf, mainly popular with young British holidaymakers, has also seen numerous alcohol-fuelled accidents involving the craze known as "balconing," where people jump from one balcony to another or from a balcony into the hotel pool.
First day of spring marked with wet and blustery conditions impacting Adelaide Airport flights
SPRING has sprung a wintry surprise on southern South Australia, bringing heavy showers and strong winds that have affected flights at Adelaide Airport.
A further 5mm of rain fell on the city in the evening up to 9pm, following the 6.6mm that fell overnight on Sunday.
The latest rain came courtesy of a couple of short, blustery showers, including a burst that started just before 8pm that dumped almost 4mm in about 10 minutes.
After winter delivered an early dose of spring last week, temperatures dropped again on Monday to a high of just 15.8C in the city.
The squally conditions are believed to have contributed to the delayed landing of a Virgin Airlines flight from Melbourne to Adelaide.
The plane was scheduled to land just after 7.30pm but was hit by windshear - a sudden change in wind speed or direction over a short distance - and was forced to pull out.
Wind gusts were reaching about 50km/h on the ground at Adelaide Airport at the time.
Flight data showed the plane had to pull out of second landing and the plane eventually touched down about 8.40pm.
That flight's delay caused the subsequent delay of a few other flights, including an Emirates flight from Dubai and a Qantas flight from Sydney.
A top of 16C is forecast for Adelaide on Tuesday, with the chance of a shower or two.
Matthies thinks: High time for the Internet Of Things
Faced with runaway advances in consumer technology, which threaten to turn our homes into high-tech control rooms, our reporter, Bernd Matthies, takes heart from one electronic gadget that he really feels at home with.
As I write this, my eye catches the spiral cable, which connects the handset to the telephone, and I'm thinking: Wow! How retro is that then?
But it started me thinking: If the cable was not there, all the handsets would be lying scattered around the house in no time at all - and that would be even more retro.
In any case, in the elephantine (elephantine?
No - a typing error - electronics) sector, the basic rule is that the latest wonder of today is electronic rubbish tomorrow - once bought, it's out of date.
And anyone, for example, who still has an old CRT TV in their living room, is merely announcing to the world that they're not interested in TVs!
So why these thoughts?
Because the International Consumer Electronics Fair (IFA) in Berlin, once again showed us how incompetent we are when it comes to questions about technology.
The layman, who once knew, blind, how to operate a washing machine and a CD-Player, is today faced with highfalutin expert talk about an array of gadgets, the purpose of which he doesn't even understand. "Connected Home, Wearables, Health Care and Urban Technologies," are what the press office promise us.
Yes - and?
What do you say to people, who clearly talk such guff voluntarily?
Really, they've been trying to sell us the Internet of Things for our homes, for the last 20 years.
So that your yoghurt can place itself on your shopping list; so that your fire-alarm can tell you - when you're lying on the beach in the Maldives - that there's a fire in your study back home.
And wouldn't it be wonderful if we could set our home air-conditioning to switch on just before we get back from the office ...?
Yes - but that presupposes that you have an air-conditioner in the first place.
However, one dream really will come true very soon: We lift our wrist watches, and in a loud voice say "Vacuum!" - and at home the vacuum cleaner robot begins to hoover.
Fantastic.
Everything is geared to nothing less than a revolution: "The boundary between white and brown goods is becoming blurred," mutters an industry insider. You can connect your washing machine to your headphone; your steam oven can send you a weather report; and your data-goggles can tell you how long your pizza still has to go in the oven - but that's of little use if you're sitting in a traffic jam.
From everyday experience, we also know: If you need a new model gadget to urgently work, the battery will almost certainly be empty.
Which is another reason why the spiral cable on the telephone will out-live the next IFA exhibits in Berlin.
Israeli Children Return to School After Gaza War
Thousands of Israeli children in areas near the Gaza Strip went back to school Monday after spending the summer in bomb shelters as rockets and mortars rained on their communities during the 50-day Israel-Hamas war, while schools in Gaza remained shuttered as the territory recovered from the fighting.
The start of school brought a sense of joy and excitement to rocket-scarred communities in southern Israel, but the signs of the fighting remained fresh.
In the southern city of Ashdod, employees at the "Pashosh" kindergarten, which was struck by a rocket, removed shrapnel marks off the walls and slides ahead of the students' arrival.
"We are a little scared but we are excited," said Ronit Bart, a resident of Kibbutz Saad and an English teacher in its school.
A lot of children in our area really need to go back to a routine.
Her 11-year-old daughter, Shani Bart, said it felt a "little bit weird" to suddenly be going back to school.
"There were some difficult times and we didn't leave our houses at all," she said.
President Reuven Rivlin visited the kibbutz, which is located close to the Gaza border, to offer his support.
Until a cease-fire halted the war last week, thousands of residents of border communities like Saad remained indoors or left their homes for safer areas further away from Gaza to escape rocket and mortar fire.
Many residents of Nahal Oz, a community close to the Gaza frontier where a 4-year-old boy was killed by a Palestinian mortar shell, are hesitant about coming back.
The Education Ministry said about a dozen families still had not returned.
Their children have been placed in alternate schools for the time being.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited a school in Sderot, a Gaza border town that has been hard hit by Palestinian fire.
He urged the children to study hard and said "we will make sure to provide you with knowledge and provide you with security."
Israel and Hamas agreed to an open-ended truce last Tuesday.
The cease-fire brought an immediate end to the fighting but left key issues unresolved, such as Hamas' demand for the lifting of an Israel-Egyptian blockade of Gaza and the reopening of Gaza's air and seaports.
Israel wants Hamas to disarm and the return of bodies of two Israeli soldiers killed in the war.
A new round of indirect talks is expected to begin later this month in Egypt.
The war killed more than 2,100 Palestinians, three-quarters of whom were civilians and at least 494 children, according to Palestinian and U.N. estimates.
Israel disputes the figures and estimates that at least half of those killed were militants, though it has not provided firm evidence to back its claims.
On the Israeli side, 66 soldiers and six civilians, including a Thai worker, were killed.
Hamas and other Gaza militants fired 4,591 rockets and mortars at Israeli cities during the fighting, mostly in the south.
The Israeli military, meanwhile, carried out more than 5,000 airstrikes and other attacks.
The Israeli attacks damaged or destroyed thousands of homes in Gaza, and an estimated 250,000 people took refuge in more than 100 U.N. schools turned into makeshift shelters.
With tens of thousands of people still in the shelters and fighting still raging, education officials delayed the start of the school year last week.
"I hope the school will open soon to complete our education, just like the world's children and Jewish children," said Mohammad Amara, a 13-year-old boy staying in a Gaza City school.
Following the election in Saxony: CDU Vice-Chairman Strobl questions NPD-banning process
In view of the loss of votes by the German right-wing extremist party, NPD, in Saxony, the national CDU-Vice-Chairman, Thomas Strobl, has called for an end of the on-going NPD-banning process, which is taking place in the German Federal Constitutional Court.
Berlin - According to CDU National Vice-Chairman, Thomas Strobl, the current trial taking place in the German Federal Constitutional Court to decide whether to ban the NPD from the political process, should be brought to an end.
According to the "Leipziger Volkszeitung," the NPD performed worse than last time,"said Strobl, who is also CDU regional boss in Baden-Württemberg.
That is a good development, one that should make us happy, and this trend leads me to think that we should fight the NPD in the ballot box, and not in the constitutional court.
On Sunday, the NPD narrowly missed achieving the five percent barrier, which would have seen it enter parliament.
A first attempt at securing a ban of the right-wing extremist party failed in 2003, because the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution also had informants in the top echelons of the NPD.
In December 2013 the Bundesrat submitted a further banning action to the constitutional court, which is based in Karlsruhe, after spending a long time preparing the case.
The German government and Bundestag did not take part in the banning submission.
Harburg: Tents for new refugees
Refugees at Neuländer Platz will now be accommodated in tents.
The reception centre for refugees in Harburg is full-to-bursting.
The German Internal Affairs Authority has now given the go-ahead for the Red Cross to erect the three tents.
The local area politicians were only informed about it a short while before - and they are not happy.
"These one-off actions only stir up more doubts in the minds of the public, and they give the local politicians no chance to work out a constructive plan of how to house refugees in a humane manner," said, for example, Britta Herrmann, Chairwoman of the Green Party in the Harburg district assembly.
Her party is calling on the Harburg district authority to deploy empty houses to accommodate the refugees.
96 refugees can be accommodated in the three tents.
The reasons for the over-crowding in the initial reception centres are mainly the sudden increase in numbers of those seeking help, as well as the fact that the authorities cannot make available enough places in suitable accommodation.
Many refugees therefore stay longer than the regular three months.
Housing prices have posted their strongest winter gain in seven years, according to a widely-watched gauge.
The RP Data CoreLogic Hedonic home value index of Australian capital city dwelling prices rose by 1.1 per cent in August, RP data said on Monday.
The rise brought the total gain over the June, July and August to 4.2 per cent, the biggest rise over the winter months since 2007.
Annual growth in prices came in at 10.9 per cent, more than double the gain of the 12 months to August 2013, but the gains were not evenly spread across the country.
RP Data research director Tim Lawless said Sydney and Melbourne are driving a two tier market.
The RP Data figures show Sydney home prices rose by 16.1 per cent in the past year, while Melbourne's were up by 11.7 per cent.
The next strongest markets were Adelaide, Brisbane and Darwin, with price rises averaging between five and six per cent.
At the other end of the scale was Canberra, hit by government spending cutbacks, where prices rose by only 1.4 per cent through the year.
Mr Lawless said that now spring has begun there would be a rise in listings of properties for sale over the coming few months, which would be a "real test" for the market.
"Considering the ongoing high rate of auction clearance rates, a generally rapid rate of sale and the ongoing low interest rate environment, it's likely that dwelling values will rise even further over the next three months," he said.
In an announcement to the regional German newspaper 'die Neue Presse' Pötzl contradicted the comments of managing director, Peer Medau, and said that the latter was behaving like a "military general."
This was not the style of the college, he said.
He said that the Medau family "were informed about the plans of the college in the middle of June.
They are simply wrong to say that they only learned of the plans in July".
At the same time he also said that the plans were not about "final decisions already made," but rather about "stating preferences".
He also said that the building work to widen the narrow access road up to the castle would not be as radical as the Medaus feared.
It was not - and will not be - a matter of a nine metre-wide road.
We currently aim to widen it by 5.5 metres, which is one metre wider than before,"explained Pötzl.
Pötzl refutes the argument of the Medau concern, namely that its cost-free parking places which belong to the school, will in future only be available for use by the college students.
It won't be a case of everywhere being parked up, because we have time to find intelligent solutions, as has been the case with other car parks, too.
Think of the neighbours
The children's nursery Bergwichtel, which is situated on the space in question, and in front of the front door of which the access road to the parking level will run, is "not to be impacted" according to the college president.
He is far more concerned to point out "that it's not only an issue concerning the children's nursery, rather it is about the people who live by the entrance to Friedrich-Streib-Strasse and the 800 schoolchildren of the adjacent secondary school.
It's therefore about a lot more than the individual interests of the Medau gentlemen," he said.
Whether the criticism by the parents' association for the children's nursery is correct that the extension of the road will lead to "one of the few remaining natural spaces in Coburg being lost," he said the "readers can decide for themselves."
At the beginning of October, Pötzl, together with the Bamberg regional building authority, plans to present his plans of development of the college up to 2020 "and to talk about the importance of the extension work in this context."
Peer Medau informed the parents of the children's nursery about the plans, last week.
Accordingly, the access for the new parking level will not now lead, as before, via the campus and Friedrich-Streib-Strasse, but rather via the Medau-Berg.
Thus, the narrow road must be widened into two lanes over a stretch of about one kilometre.
According to higher estimates of the Medaus, the traffic in the Hohenfels castle park would increase ten-fold.
They are talking of 2000 vehicles every day.
Meanwhile, the town council refused to comment.
Glandorf retires from German National Handball team
Holger Glandorf will no longer play for the German National team.
The 31 year-old from German Bundesliga side SG Flensburg-Handewitt said that it was mainly for health reasons that he had reached this decision.
"It was not an easy decision to make, but I've been thinking about it for months.
The time has come to listen to the signals my body sends and to end my national team career," announced the 2007 World Cup winner on his Facebook-Page.
He retires from international competition with a record of 167 national games and 576 goals for Germany.
The powerful-throwing right-back wants to continue for the next few years to shoot goals for the Champions-League winners from Flensburg, and will therefore not be available for selection by new German National team head coach, Dagur Sigurdsson.
Glandorf said he had had a "nice long talk" with the Icelander, who will select his squad on Tuesday for the games against Switzerland.
His ideas and approach to the game have always inspired me, as I am sure they will also inspire my long-term teammates and my successors, too.
"I would like to represent my club in the next few years and I need longer breaks and more recovery time to do so, and the double burden of also playing for the national team wouldn`t allow me to do that."
The left-hander feared his career might end in 2012 when he had a heel infection.
Due to achilles tendon problems he was given a cortisone injection by doctors working with the German Handball Association, and this caused severe swelling of his foot.
He needed an emergency operation and two further surgeries as well.
Glandorf then brought a legal action against the team doctor; however, this ended in a settlement.
Twelve years as a professional and eleven years with the national team would take their toll on any player.
"I have some health issues I can't ignore anymore.
After three foot-surgeries within a short period of time in 2012, caused by infections, I have never been able to control my blood pressure.
I've also got some other minor issues related - wear and tear.
At the beginning of the year I realized that I was able to control my head, but I couldn`t play tricks with my body," he explained in an interview with German magazine Handball Time.
He would only consider a comeback if really necessary.
"If we are in real big trouble, then I might consider it," the two-time father told the magazine.
"But I can count the years I will continue to play handball with one hand.
And I have to admit that I have become really humble after my long stay in the hospital in 2012, when it comes to my health.
After my career I would like to walk straight, to be honest."
Besides the 2007 World Championship he also won the Champions League in May and the EHF-Cup in 2008 (HSG Nordhorn) and 2010 (TBV Lemgo).
He also won the Cup Winners Cup with Flensburg in 2012.
German economy as shrunk by 0.2 percent in spring
The crises around the globe have put a curb on the German economy in the the second quarter.
The Gross Domestic Product sank from April to the end of June 2014 by 0.2 percent in comparison with the previous quarter.
This was announced by the German Office for National Statistics, which thereby confirmed previous estimates.
Consumption alone was a spur to the economy in the early part of the year, whilst investments were down.
Foreign goods trade had slowed, too.
Due to the strong start to the year, figures for first half-year GDP were up 0.8 percent from the second quarter of 2013.
Horstmar was the starting point and the destination of "Münsterland-Mooiste", which lead through the city on Sunday.
The city of Horstmar experienced an invasion of Dutch "Fietzen riders" on Sunday.
The largest cycling federation in Holland, NTFU, staged the so-called "Münsterlande-Mooiste".
In other words, the largest bike ride straight through Münsterland, a bike rider's paradise close to Holland.
By registering, more than 1000 participants thanked Jos ter Huerne for having organized this tour through Münsterland.
The tour was advertised in several professional journals, and offered to those interested.
We are from Den Helder, and drove here over night so we could take part in the tour.
We would also like to get know Münsterland a bit better in the same way", the cyclists eagerly said, looking forward to the route through Steinfurt, Borken and Coesfeld.
After registering at the fraternity's club house, Sta.
Katharina started off with a small "peace ride" through the city and over the embankment, which is also where the start line was.
Then, the route, which was advertised in three different categories, headed in the direction of Herrenholz via Schöppinger Berg towards Coesfeld, passing by Havixbeck and Billerbeck, and then back to Horstmar.
The riders prove just how good a shape they are in: stretches of 95 kilometers at an altitude of 1175 meters, 120 kilometers with an altitude of 1475 meters, and 145 kilometers with an altitude of 1775 meters.
They were fed and watered on their way back in Havixbeck and Billerbeck.
Chief organizer, Jos ter Huerne, and deputy mayor, Heinz Lölfing seemed to be very pleased with the success of this cycling event.
We are happy, and it was a wonderful experience for all participants.
The organization went smoothly, with no issues, and there were no nasty incidents", Heinz Lölfing positively concluded with regard to the event.
Unfortunately, there were not as many participants as the organizer had hoped for, which is presumably because of the bad weather forecast and the morning rain.
"We shall see each other in 2015, hopefully with nice weather, on either 30 August, or on another weekend", the riders promised, but whatever the weather, they will return to Münsterland, and the organizers will plan a repeat.
Konstantin Wecker - scrupulously honest memoirs
The 287-page "Monk and Warrior" by Konstantin Wecker, song writer, pacifist, political activist and ex-prisoner, is really more a statement of philosophy than it is a biography
Composed more as a collection of thought-provoking ideas rather than a chronological history, the author, who was born in Munich on 1 June 1947, has provided every chapter with an accompanying suitable song-text.
And he has been unstintingly honest throughout: From masturbating as a grammar school pupil to shoplifting and drug-taking, he has left none of his human weaknesses untold.
And this was also a means to explain why he is now come to be so tolerant towards his fellow man.
As a result, abstract concepts, which he liberally uses throughout the text, take on a clearer, more important meaning: Love; Soul; Ego; Existing in the Here and Now; Spirituality - he seeks to understand the essential meaning of these concepts, in a highly philosophical, but also very personal way.
And he explains why he is pacifist; what lies behind his criticism of society; his political heart and soul; and also how his thoughts and ideas have been shaped and moulded - not only by music (he was an opera lover who became a soul and rock musician) but by his prison experience, too.
He says that the latter experience gave him a closer understanding of the life of the monks, who live their lives by a process of "subtraction" whereby they "rid themselves of all things superfluous."
In-between all the highbrow stuff, there are also short anecdotes of a more earthy nature - for example, fist-fights in a bar frequented by GIs, or else a crazy drive on the motorway, in which he drove full-on straight into a tree.
And he's unsparing also, as he describes that too.
Lenny Henry: My father never hugged me.
Never said "I love you"
Henry was one of seven children born to Jamaican immigrants in Dudley in the Midlands in 1958.
His father, who died when Henry was 19, worked in a factory and their relationship was limited.
Henry is rehearsing a comedy, Rudy's Rare Records, which is based in part on an imaginary conversation with his father and has grown out of the Radio 4 series.
The soundtrack is a mix of reggae and rap and the tunes are upbeat.
But Henry has had to work through some difficult memories of childhood.
There was "a lot" of therapy after his mother died and Henry is reflective about his relationship with his father.
He was very unknowable.
You never saw his face, you just heard his voice: 'Stop the noise.
Leave your sister alone.
Move!
I want to watch the cricket.
My older brothers Seymour and Hilton - who were grown-up when I was a kid - went to the pub with him and talked about things like the shape of the beer glass, the beauty of the stroke in cricket.
I never had a conversation with him like that.
He was this unsmiling bloke in the corner, reading the paper for a lot of my life.
Recently Henry opened a foundry in Dudley and, although conditions were better than in his father's day, he got a snapshot of what life must have been like for him.
It's a bit brighter now but they're dark, smoky, Stygian labyrinthine depths with bursts of flame and smoke and lots of soot.
My dad used to get in the bath and just lie there and you'd hear him slowly start to sing to himself because he would wash the foundry off him.
When I walked round it, I realised that he had done that for years and years to put food on the table, and my estimation of him went up.
None the less, Henry emerged from a childhood stripped of parental affection.
My dad never did hugging, never said, 'I love you'.
It wasn't until my mum was poorly near the end of her life that we started saying 'I love you, I love you, I love you.
Having a daughter of his own, Billie, with Dawn French, enabled him to share the love he missed as a child.
Could you stop with the "I love you"?
Just stop hugging me!
Dad, I'm 22!
With Dawn French.
Why wouldn't I be friends with her?
She's a great mum
He's still very good friends with French, to whom he was married for 25 years.
Dawn's a good person.
Why wouldn't I be friends with Dawn?
She's a great mum.
Henry's own mother was diabetic.
It was one of the things that killed her.
So when I became very, very overweight and started getting diabetic symptoms, my doctor said, 'You've got to be radical.
So I went on a big fitness thing, and I also had to go on a drastic diet to reverse the symptoms.
It's very hard.
And it's tedious.
Nobody likes eating carrots.
Henry's change in career trajectory is, perhaps, reflected in his distinguished, close-cropped beard.
Since he won critical acclaim for his Othello, he has become engrossed in the theatre.
Comedy of Errors followed, as did Fences by August Wilson.
It's a different experience from the sitcoms and comedies that have upholstered his busy working life.
He started out when he was just 16 and working at a factory.
A DJ spotted him on stage doing impressions and wrote to New Faces about him.
His TV career was launched in the mid-Seventies: "For quite a long time I was the only black impressionist/comedian on telly."
He learnt on the job.
Not only did I have to grow up in the public eye, I had to learn how to be an efficient joke-delivering mechanism between 1975 and 1985, whilst being a star, being on television and it was really difficult.
Lenny on New Faces in 1975
Because his manager owned the stage rights to The Black and White Minstrel Show, a light entertainment programme in which people "blacked up," Henry found himself performing his comedy in it for five years.
My family were very uncomfortable about it.
I sort of wish it had never happened, but I don't regret that I did it.
Although it was a weird, reprehensible position to be in, I was working in huge venues and learning how to work a crowd.
But what was an "award-winning light entertainment staple of British television for years and years" was also a "grotesque parody of black people."
Introducing characters who both lampooned and celebrated black British culture, Henry worked on the alternative comedy circuit in the Eighties.
The first series of The Lenny Henry Show aired in 1984, and in the Nineties he was known as, among other things, chef Gareth Blacklock in the comedy series Chef!.
Advertisements, documentaries, TV series and parts in films consumed his next decade but after his 2008 BBC series, LennyHenry.tv, he thought: "What are you going to do next, Len, because it all feels a bit like you're marking time or you're slightly going sideways."
What came next was a Radio 4 documentary series called What's So Great About...?
The first was on Shakespeare.
I had a real allergy to Shakespeare.
I wasn't really taught it at school properly and thought it was very much the reserve of middle-class white people with tights and a cabbage down the front.
So I was very frightened of it.
Everybody we interviewed on that show, Peter Hall, Trevor Nunn, Adrian Lester, Judi Dench, said, 'You should try it.
Don't slag it off if you don't know what you're talking about.
Get some of the words in your mouth and then you'll understand why we all love Shakespeare so much.
Henry delivered 20 lines of Othello's last speech for the documentary and he was hooked.
It gave me the feeling that I could do it.
It's almost like I had my head put on straight for me.
'This is what it's about, it's a serious thing, take it seriously, learn your lines, do some research.
So the rehearsal process was brutal and I was reading that play for months and months before we did it.
And it was a success.
They seemed to expect a car crash and it didn't quite happen.
Soon he was starring in Comedy of Errors.
Suddenly I'm at the National Theatre and I just couldn't quite believe it.
There was one moment where I thought, 'Oh, you've changed.""
There was a technical fault and Henry instinctively felt that it was his job to keep the audience entertained.
"A little voice inside me said, 'You're going to have to do 10 minutes while they fix the computer.""
Instead, the stage manager announced the performance would resume as soon as the problem was resolved.
I walked off the stage and something in me went, "Oh, thank God".
It's not my responsibility.
I can let somebody else sort it out.
'You're in a play, stay in character.""
Henry appearing in Fences at the Duchess Theatre
Learning his lines for Fences was challenging.
Panic's quite good, it stiffens the sinews.
That was well received too, so it's like a big sign from the gods, saying, 'This is what you should be doing.""
He says this, of course, in a BOOMING voice.
So I'm sticking with it.
I'm really loving it.
I love being in a rehearsal room.
Henry still has a comedian's brain, though - throughout, our conversation is broken with flashes of his humour as he slips in and out of impressions.
I'm just choosing not to do stand-up because that thing of getting instant gratification from a room full of strangers I guess is kind of dangerous.
If you're constantly seeking that it can lead to a brick wall.
I do Live at the Apollo sometimes when I want to, but generally it doesn't float my boat like it used to.
I ask whether he'll ever do another stand-up tour.
The joy of sitting in a room with a director who is helping to shape a beginning, middle and end of a journey - I don't think I'll ever want to give that up.
So this is his new incarnation?
I think so.
I like being an actor.
It's good fun.
You're always telling a story and that's a great place to be.
I love stories.
People love stories.
Houthi rebels block roads in Yemeni capital
In the conflict between the shiite Houthi rebels and the Yemen government, the Houthis have called for civil disobedience in the capital, Sanaa.
Houthi supporters had occupied central roads in Sanaa on Monday, said a spokesman of the Houthi party "Ansar Allah."
Access to the parliament was blocked as well.
Yemeni media report that there is traffic chaos in the capital.
According to a report in the on-line edition of the newspaper "Yemen Post" Houthi leader Abdulmalik al-Huthi called for these actions on Sunday evening.
The report said that Huthi threatened further escalation of the conflict, should his demands not be met.
The shiite Houthis are fighting for more independence fro the sunni-ruled Yemen, and are demanding that the government resign.
According to the report, Houthi tribes have been besieging the Yemeni capital for almost two weeks.
Around 30,000 rebels had set up protest camps on the major access routes to Sanaa.
In the surrounding areas of the town, bloody clashes with the Yemeni army have continued unabated.
Kenya registers civil servants to target 'ghost workers'
Kenya has started biometrically registering all civil servants in an attempt to remove "ghost workers" from the government's payroll.
Employees who failed to register over the next two weeks would no longer be paid, a government statement said.
The government suspects that thousands of people continue to receive salaries after leaving the civil service.
President Uhuru Kenyatta pledged to curb corruption in the public service after taking office in 2013.
An audit earlier this year found that at least $1m (£700,000) a month was lost in payments to "ghost workers" and other financial malpractice.
The government suspects that salaries continue to be deposited into bank accounts, even after a person dies or leaves the public service, reports the BBC's Wanyama Chebusiri from the capital, Nairobi.
All public servants are required to present themselves over the next two weeks at identification centres to ensure their data is captured through the biometric registration exercise, a government statement said.
Anyone who failed to do so without a valid excuse would be eliminated from the payroll, it said.
"This exercise will contribute significantly to the rationalization of the public service by determining the actual numbers of public servants and will also be used to cleanse the payroll at both levels of government- hence bring a stop to the issue of 'ghost workers'," said Anne Waiguru, the cabinet secretary in the Ministry of Devolution and Planning.
The scandal surrounding arts advisor, Helge Achenbach, will be heard for the first time in court on 11 November.
Five heirs of Berthold Albrecht, the son of the founder of Aldi, Theo Albrecht, are suing Achenbach and two of his companies, who are in the process of declaring themselves bankrupt, for 19.4 million euros compensation in a civil case brought before the Düsseldorf district court.
The news was announced by a court spokeswoman on Monday.
According to the statement of claim, when purchasing the works of art and antique cars, Achenbach conned them, and invoiced Berthold Albrecht for more than the actual sales price.
In so doing, the agreed commission also turned out to be more.
Achenbach purchased valuables for Albrecht for 121 million euros.
Children need roots and wings
He was a school teacher for 44 years, 23 of which he was the principal.
During his teaching time, Manfred Richter got to know many schoolchildren who are now fully-grown adults living in Petershausen and Kollbach.
His methods were sometimes unconventional, but they were always based on his desire to see the adult in the child.
Mount Sněžka is one of the best-known peaks in the Czech Giant Mountains.
Manfred Richter loves this painting of a picture from his childhood home.
Richter was born in 1930 in Trautenau/Nordböhmen, today's Trutnov.
He was interested in becoming a teacher as early as the age of 14, after he had been a secondary school pupil for four years.
One year later the Germans living in the Sudetenland were dispossessed.
Within half an hour, the family had to leave their home.
After a few months spent in a holding camp, they moved to Bavaria in 1946 - in a goods train.
That was how he came to live in Senkendorf, in Upper Franconia.
The teacher training course was in Bamberg.
In order to get to the school, Manfred Richter had to go six times per week on foot to the nearest train station; take the train to Bamberg; from there walk three kilometres right across the town to the school; and then make the return journey home.
After two months. Manfred Richter was given a bed to sleep at the Red Cross Home in Bamberg, in a sleeping quarter that he shared with 15 fellow students.
In 1951, he took his first state exam, and his second in 1954, after spending three further years as a teaching candidate.
Since Upper Franconia had no free teaching place for him, he applied to Upper Bavaria and received a post on 1 November 1954 at a school in Kollbach.
The "Young Women's Room" was his first "Service Flat" in the school building.
In 1958, he moved into the new-build teacher accommodation next door to the school, into a three-room service flat.
Manfred Richter bought this house in 1980, after the school in Kollbach was closed in 1968.
Until then, the school district association of Petershausen-Kollbach had three classes in Kollbach and five in Petershausen.
In the school year of 1968/69, these classes were accommodated in Petershausen, in today's town hall.
When the Indersdorf Schools Association was founded, the only school left in the locality was the primary school.
In order to avoid a deranking of position in the now smaller school, the then dean, Georg Sigl decided to move to Karlsfeld - and Manfred Richter became his successor.
However, Petershausen continued to grow, and so the children and their teachers, from September 1982 onwards, could move into the present-day building, which has since been extended, after Richter took his retirement.
Manfred Richter praises the uncomplicated manner and spirit of generosity of the then Mayor, Ludwig Götz, who was able to secure municipal funds to build an additional work-room and extra rooms in the cellar as part of the 1997 extensions - although the council guidelines governing school-building work did not allow subsidies to be used to pay for this work.
"Mayor Götz was a great friend of the school," recalls Richter, with gratitude.
Throughout his whole career, Manfred Richter never forgot a reply given in a speech by a government representative, in answer to a presentation given by the schools council on law and justice: "One should never forget to love". Manfred Richter duly implemented what he had heard as a young teacher.
"One has to give children two things: Roots and wings," says the 84 year-old.
But experience has also taught him that: "One doesn't always achieve that." Whether by that he means his pupils or his own six children, is unclear.
In any case, Richter's methods were at times unconventional.
If school children got into fights, they were not given punishments like, for example, writing out lines or serving a detention.
At the cost of the council, Richter bought two pairs of boxing gloves, and then let the two antagonists fight it out, even if this did occasionally produce a black-eye.
For the benefit of the school, Richter nurtured a good relationship with the then Mayor, Ludwig Götz (CSU).
Following his retirement, Richter, who had no political allegiances, was encouraged by the Mayor to run for election onto the local council as a candidate for the CSU in 1996.
However, Richter finished in sixth and joined the CSU.
180 kilometres in three days
HR4-CYCLE TOUR 700 cyclists are taking a breather in the health resort of Bad Salzhausen and Schotten
There is nothing particular out of the ordinary about touring cyclists take a rest in Bad Salzhausen or in Schotten.
However, on Friday, the sheer numbers of those resting up was striking: The 700 participants of the hr4 cycle tour, together with their entourages, were all enjoying a break in the lower resort of Bad Salzhausen, and they would later be attending an open air party in the Alteburgpark in Schotten, too.
Under the logo "Cycling and celebrating along the newly-discovered routes between Nidda and Kinzig," the participants had met up on Thursday in Bad Vilbel and had listened to a concert there by Van Baker & Band.
On Friday it was down to business: The riders set out to attack the first stage - 60 kilometres via Florstadt to Bad Salzhausen and then further on to Schotten.
In Bad Salzhausen, the sportsmen-and-women were greeted by mayor Hans-Peter Seum, who had ridden off the start-line in Bad Vilbel on his own bike, and the boss of the municipal company Bad Salzhausen, Petra Schwing-Döring.
All sorts of food and drink had been prepared, to refresh body and mind: The local women from Ranstadt and Nieder-Mockstadt had baked 85 apple-, plum- and cheesecakes - as well as streusel cake which the intrepid riders let melt in their mouths.
"Such cakes only the local women can make," praised the rider from Aulendiebach, at the same time as he ordered another slice.
At the drinks stand of the Geiß-Nidda gymnasium club, the riders could acquire cold drinks.
The "Duo Bravo" entertained the visitors with well-known melodies from Operettas and Musicals and reaped enthusiastic applause.
The lovely atmosphere in the Park had a relaxing effect.
One gentleman even received a head-massage from his lady partner: "He certainly earned it - after all, he had to fix a bicycle chain that had come off, earlier in the day."
Meanwhile, the mayor and the company boss still had work to do: They were interviewed at the fountain in front of the watering-hole inn, the Trinkkurhaus, by reporter, Rainer Janke, and took their radio opportunity to give a big thumbs up for Bad Salzhausen.
Even head of promotions, Tobias Hagen, who had worked as tour head since it first started in 2004, could only get a short rest, as he had a lot of work to do involving the local technology.
His pick-up truck, in which he used three telephones and a radio to communicate with his colleagues and a 15-strong Hessen Police team; made Facebook entries and also wrote his reports, also needed a check.
"The majority of riders come from the Rhein-Main-Region," he explained, "but riders have also come from Gießen and Fulda, from Lauterbach or from the Taunus and even from many towns in Westfalia.
The number of participants depends a little on the number of places where they can stay.
Category 1 riders are accommodated in hotels, with Category 2 riders being put up in hostel-style lodging.
As the riders set out again on the road, they had a good impression and happy memories of the resort: "Bye!"
"It was very nice in Bad Salzhausen!" they shouted, as they waved goodbye.
After arriving in Schotten, the group could take a short rest.
But then in the evening, the riders were requested to go to the idyllic Alteburgpark.
Under the guidance of manager of the Schotten Association for Tourism and Town Marketing (GTS) the Park had acquired a lovely festive ambience and, of course, there were plenty of nice nibbles, such as Flammkuchen with well-chilled Federweißer wine, too.
Mayoress Susanne Schaab, GTS-boss, Markus Hoßfeld and MSC-Chairman, Wolfgang Wagner-Sachs, in his capacity as board member of the Hessen-Thüringen section of the ADAC welcomed the visitors.
The three were visibly delighted by the "roaring trade in Schotten."
DJ Tobias Hagen opened the dancing stage.
The cyclists were happy to have the chance to show off their dancing movements in the open air - despite their sporting feats on their bicycles earlier in the day.
The appeared among the guests an increasing number of local people, who were as attracted by the pleasant atmosphere as much as the mass crowd of riders.
On the second day of the tour program, the riders would call at the stopping points of Birstein; Wächtersbach; and Bad Orb - including a concert with the Trenkwaldern.
Yesterday, after 180 kilometres of cycling, the sportsmen-and-women arrived back in Bad Vilbel once again.
Tens of Turkish Policemen Arrested over 'Plotting' against Gov't
A total of 33 police officers have been detained in Turkey on suspicions of 'plotting against the government', local media outlets say.
Police officials have not immediately commented.
Among the detainees were 14 high-ranking officers, according to Hurriyet Daily News.
Some of them were involved in last December's corruption probes targeting government officials, including four government ministers.
In July a number of Turkish policemen were arrested for allegedly having set up an organized criminal gang and having tapped phone number.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan (who was Prime Minister back then) described their actions as part of activity conducted by Islamist cleric Fethullah Gullen against him and others in power.
Not all children back to school in Ukraine
Schools across most of Ukraine reopened their doors on Monday (September 1), after the summer holidays.
The day is traditionally a big one for families, and like thousands of other Ukrainian parents, Prime Minister Arseny Yatsenyuk took his daughter to school.
While there, he told waiting journalists that not all schools had reopened, but that he was committed to defending the country for future generations:
The first of September ceremony was not held in every school.
There is not a peaceful sky over every part of Ukraine.
We must fight for a peaceful sky.
The whole of Ukraine, a huge joint Ukrainian's people's front, must fight for a peaceful sky.
Aleksan Pastukhov, the head teacher of Slaviansk School, attended by Yatsenyuk's daughter, spoke in Russian.
We hope that peace will finally be established here and that children will receive knowledge that will be useful in their future lives.
The first day back at school is traditionally celebrated by children wearing embroidered shirts, carrying balloons and giving flowers to their teachers.
In Rona Fairhead, the BBC may have found the formidable chief it needs
She comes trailing clouds of glory from the world of banking, media management and the inner conclaves of the Tory party.
Indeed, she has had frontline experience of her own.
Her career began at global management consultants Bain and Co, then progressed via Morgan Stanley, Bombadier, ICI and the media world of Pearsons.
She was chief executive of the Financial Times for seven years, resigning when the top job at its parent company Pearson's went to a junior male colleague.
Her pay-off is said to be close to £1 million.
Her political rating is sturdy, too.
She was recommended to David Cameron by Lord Browne, the former head of BP, when he was looking to bring private expertise into Whitehall: she became a cabinet office adviser.
Her husband is a former Tory councillor.
Back in May, I described the chairman's job as a poisoned chalice.
Not only is the BBC a vast and complex entity at the heart of public life, but there is an inner paradox to its structure.
The trust faces in two directions: inwards as the upper tier of the BBC's own management hierarchy, but also outwards as the voice of public concern and disquiet when things go awry.
This is an almost untenable duopoly calling for complete root-and-branch reform.
But what incoming chairman would risk coming in, crashing around and dismantling an institution as complex as a Chinese dynasty in case they put themselves out of a job in the process.
It's a difficult call.
If that weren't tough enough, plenty of people are keen to see the BBC cut down in size - its power, its finances and its status overhauled.
As competitors circle ever closer and new technology challenges cosy old certainties, the imminent negotiation of the licence fee is fraught with especial danger for the BBC.
For the modest sum of £145.50 a year, the British public buys into what is surely the greatest media enterprise in the world.
The BBC tells a good story: it claims that its output reaches 96 per cent of households, and costs each one of them just 40p a day.
What's more, apparently the Beeb's popularity is rising: 53 per cent support today as against 31 per cent 10 years ago.
Patterns of watching and using the BBC have changed: I receive news headlines on my mobile phone these days, and catch up on missed programmes with iPlayer.
But it remains a much-loved and formidable institution.
It needs a formidable chairman - I hope it has found one.
Texas' Perry Says Disparaging Tweet Unauthorized
A tweet from Republican Texas Gov. Rick Perry's verified account on Sunday night included a disparaging image of the Democratic district attorney who is at the center of his criminal indictment on charges of abuse of power.
The tweet was later deleted, followed by another from Perry's account that disavowed the post.
A tweet just went out from my account that was unauthorized.
"I do not condone the tweet and I have taken it down," the later post said.
Perry aides did not immediately return messages seeking comment.
Although the tweets were sent from Perry's verified account, it was unclear who does the actual posting for the feed.
The earlier tweet posted an unflattering mock image of Travis County District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg, who was convicted of drunken driving in April 2013.
Perry vetoed funds to her office when she refused to resign, which led to a grand jury in Austin this month indicting Perry - who is a potential 2016 presidential candidate.
The caption on the tweet reads: "I don't always drive drunk at 3x the legal blood alcohol limit ... but when I do, I indict Gov. Perry for calling me out about it."
I am the most drunk Democrat in Texas.
Lehmberg's office did not lead the grand jury investigation against Perry.
It was handled by Michael McCrum, a San Antonio-based special prosecutor who was assigned by a Republican judge.
Perry has pleaded not guilty and called the charges a political ploy.
His high-powered legal team has asked the judge overseeing the case to dismiss the indictment, claiming that the law being used to prosecute the longest-serving governor in Texas history is unconstitutionally vague.
Perry cut off $7.5 million in state funds to the state's Public Integrity Unit - which is based in Travis County and prosecutes public corruption in Texas - when Lehmberg refused to resign.
That veto drew a formal complaint from a left-leaning watchdog group.
Perry's verified account is updated frequently - and sometimes famously.
After finishing in fifth place in the Iowa caucuses during his 2012 presidential campaign, Perry addressed speculation that he might call it quits with a tweet of a photo of himself jogging near a lake, and the words, "Here we come South Carolina!"
Berkeley says housing market back to "normal"
One of London's most prominent property developers has warned that the housing market in southeast England has "reverted" to normal levels of activity.
Homes in the capital have been the subject of red-hot demand and surging prices, with widespread fears of a credit bubble prompting the Bank of England to impose limits on mortgage borrowing in June.
Tony Pidgley, founder and chairman of upmarket housebuilder Berkeley, on Monday said: "Since the start of the current financial year, the market has reverted to normal transaction levels from the high point in 2013," adding that this offered a "stable operating environment."
London's property market fared well during the downturn as foreign buyers piled into the capital.
Prices in the city have leapt 18.5 per cent in the past year alone, according to Land Registry data, far outstripping the 6.7 per cent average for England and Wales as a whole.
Average selling prices on Berkeley's private, affordable and student schemes have risen by about a fifth in the past year, reaching £423,000 at the end of April.
However, a strengthening pound has in recent months made London property less attractive to foreign buyers - some of whom have also been deterred by the introduction of new property taxes and political rhetoric around a potential "mansion tax" ahead of the general election next May.
London estate agent Foxtons last week warned that April's Mortgage Market Review, which introduced tougher lending rules, would also spark lower rates of market growth in both property sales transactions and prices during the second half of the year.
Fresh data from the Bank of England on Monday showed a drop in the number of mortgage approvals in July, further suggesting the housing market is cooling.
Hamptons International, another estate agent, has cut its 2015 forecast for London property price growth to 3 per cent on the basis that house price sentiment is already starting to weaken.
Transaction volumes have meanwhile dropped by a quarter year on year in London's most expensive postcodes, such as Chelsea, Mayfair and Kensington, according to agent WA Ellis.
Still, appetite for homes in the capital has been a boon to Berkeley, pushing up cash due on forward sales to more than £2.2bn.
Mr Pidgley added: "Demand for the right product with good design in the best locations has remained resilient and, reflecting this, forward sales have been maintained."
In June the company reported it had sold 3,742 new homes in the year to the end of April - almost a third more than the pre-crisis peak in 2007.
Annual pre-tax profits rose 40 per cent year on year to £380m, on revenues up 18 per cent to £1.6bn.
Speaking on Monday ahead of the company's annual meeting, Mr Pidgley said Berkeley's earnings for the year were anticipated to be in line with current market expectations.
Analyst consensus is for full-year pre-tax profit of £450m.
Berkeley shares were flat at £23.96 in afternoon London trading.
Nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence leaked online by hacker
Jennifer Lawrence arrives at the 85th annual Academy Awards.
Nude photos of Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence have been leaked online by a hacker who claimed to have a "master list" of images of 100 other starlets.
A representative for the star of "The Hunger Games" confirmed the photos of Lawrence were real and blasted the hacker for "a flagrant violation of privacy."
The authorities have been contacted and will prosecute anyone who posts the stolen photos of Jennifer Lawrence.
The photos, which originally were posted on the image-sharing site 4chan, were purportedly obtained through a weakness in Apple's iCloud online storage system, and a purported "master list" of the hacking victims includes the names of dozens of female stars, including Rihanna, Kim Kardashian, Mary Elizabeth Winstead and Mary-Kate Olsen, according to BuzzFeed.
It is not clear how many of the images are authentic, though "Scott Pilgrim vs. the World" star Winstead took to Twitter to denounce the hack as well.
"To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home, hope you feel great about yourselves," Winstead tweeted.
However, Victoria Justice, of the Nickolodeon series "iCarly" and "Victorious," denied that the photos were of her, tweeting, "These so called nudes of me are FAKE people.
Let me nip this in the bud right now. *pun intended*.
Buzzfeed reported late Sunday that a spokesman for pop star Ariana Grande denied that purported photos of her were authentic.
Exclusive extract from Howard Jacobson's acclaimed new novel about love and the letter 'J'
They dissolved, that was the best way of putting it, they gradually came apart like a cardboard box that had been left out in the rain.
Just occasionally a woman told him he was too serious, hard-going, intense, detached, and maybe a bit prickly.
And then shook his hand.
He recognised prickly.
He was spiny, like a hedgehog, yes.
The latest casualty of this spininess was an embryo-affair that had given greater promise than usual of relieving the lonely tedium of his life, and perhaps even bringing him some content.
Ailinn Solomons was a wild-haired, quiveringly delicate beauty with a fluttering heart from a northern island village more remote and rugged even than Port Reuben.
She had come south with an older companion whom Kevern took to be her aunt, the latter having been left a property in a wet but paradisal valley called, felicitously, Paradise Valley.
No one had lived in the house for several years.
The pipes leaked, there were spiders still in the baths, slugs had signed their signatures on all the windows, believing the place belonged to them, the garden was overgrown with weeds that resembled giant cabbages.
It was like a children's story cottage, threatening and enchanting at the same time, the garden full of secrets.
Author's view: Howard Jacobson, whose novel "J" is longlisted for the Man Booker Prize 2014.
The shortlist is announced next week
Kevern had been sitting holding hands with Ailinn on broken deckchairs in the long grass, enjoying an unexpectedly warm spring afternoon, the pair of them absent-mindedly plugged into the utility console that supplied the country with soothing music and calming news, when the sight of her crossed brown legs reminded him of an old song by a long-forgotten black entertainer his father had liked listening to with the cottage blinds down.
Your feet's too big.
On account of their innate aggressiveness, songs of that sort were no longer played on the console.
Not banned - nothing was banned exactly - simply not played.
Encouraged to fall into desuetude, like the word desuetude.
Popular taste did what edict and proscription could never have done, and just as, when it came to books, the people chose rags-to-riches memoirs, cookbooks and romances, so, when it came to music, they chose ballads.
Carried away by the day, Kevern began to play at an imaginary piano and in a rudely comic voice serenade Ailinn's big feet.
Ailinn didn't understand.
"It was a popular song by a jazz pianist called Fats Waller," he told her, automatically putting two fingers to his lips.
This his father had always done to stifle the letter j before it left his lips.
It had begun as a game between them when he was small.
His father had played it with his own father, he'd told him.
Begin a word with a j without remembering to put two fingers across your mouth and it cost you a penny.
It had not been much fun then and it was not much fun now.
He knew it was expected of him, that was all.
He had to explain what jazz was.
Ailinn had never heard any.
Jazz, too, without exactly being proscribed, wasn't played.
Improvisation had fallen out of fashion.
There was room for only one "if" in life.
People wanted to be sure, when a tune began, exactly where it was going to end.
Wit, the same.
Its unpredictability unsettled people's nerves.
And jazz was wit expressed musically.
Though he reached the age of 10 without having heard of Sammy Davis Junior, Kevern knew of jazz from his father's semi-secret collection of old CDs.
But at least he didn't have to tell Ailinn that Fats Waller was black.
Given her age, she was unlikely to have remembered a time when popular singers weren't black.
Again, no laws or duress.
A compliant society meant that every section of it consented with gratitude - the gratitude of the providentially spared - to the principle of group aptitude.
People of Afro-Caribbean origin were suited by temperament and physique to entertainment and athletics, and so they sang and sprinted.
People originally from the Indian subcontinent, electronically gifted as though by nature, undertook to ensure no family was without a functioning utility phone.
What was left of the Polish community plumbed; what was left of the Greek smashed plates.
Those from the Gulf States and the Levant whose grandparents hadn't quickly left the country while WHAT HAPPENED, IF IT HAPPENED was happening - fearing they'd be accused of having stoked the flames, fearing, indeed, that the flames would consume them next - opened labneh and shisha-pipe restaurants, kept their heads down, and grew depressed with idleness.
To each according to his gifts.
Having heard only ballads, Ailinn was hard pressed to understand how the insulting words Kevern had just sung to her could ever have been set to music.
Music was the expression of love.
"They're not really insulting," Kevern said.
Except maybe to people whose feet are too big.
My father never insulted anybody, but he delighted in this song.
He was saying too much, but the garden's neglect gave the illusion of safety.
No word could get beyond the soundproofing of the giant cabbage-like leaves.
Ailinn still didn't comprehend.
Why would your father have loved something like that?
He wanted to say it was a joke, but was reluctant, in her company, to put two fingers to his lips again.
She already thought he was strange.
"It struck him as funny," he said instead.
She shook her head in disbelief, blotting out Kevern's vision.
Nothing to see in the whole wide world but her haystack of crow-black hair.
Nothing else he wanted to see.
"If you say so," she said, unconvinced.
But that still doesn't explain why you're singing it to me.
She seemed in genuine distress.
Are my feet too big?
He looked again.
Your feet specifically, no.
Your ankles, maybe, a bit...
And you say you hate me because my ankles are too thick?
Hate you?
Of course I don't hate you.
That's just the silly song.
He could have said, "I love you," but it was too soon for that.
"Your thick ankles are the very reason I'm attracted to you," he tried instead.
I'm perverse that way.
It came out wrong.
He had meant it to be funny.
Meaning to be funny often landed him in a mess because, like his father, he lacked the reassuring charm necessary to temper the cruelty that lurked in jokes.
Maybe his father intended to be cruel.
Maybe he, Kevern, did.
Despite his kind eyes.
Ailinn Solomons flushed and rose from her deckchair, knocking over the console and spilling the wine they'd been drinking.
Elderflower wine, so drink wasn't his excuse.
In her agitation she seemed to tremble, like the fronds of a palm tree in a storm.
"And your thick head's the very reason I'm perversely attracted to you," she said...
Except that I'm not.
He felt sorry for her, both on account of the unnecessary unkindness of his words and the fear that showed in her eyes in the moment of her standing up to him.
Did she think he'd strike her?
She hadn't spoken to him about life on the chill northern archipelago where she had grown up, but he didn't doubt it was in all essentials similar to here.
The same vast and icy ocean crashed in on them both.
The same befuddled men, even more thin-skinned and peevish in the aftermath of WHAT HAPPENED than their smuggler and wrecker ancestors had been, roamed angrily from pub to pub, ready to raise a hand to any woman who dared to refuse or twit them.
Thick head?
They'd show her a thick fist, if she wasn't careful!
Snog her first - the snog having become the most common expression of erotic irritation between men and women; an antidote to the bland ballads of love the console pumped out - snog her first and cuff her later.
An unnecessary refinement in Kevern's view, since a snog was itself an act of thuggery.
Ailinn Solomons made a sign with her body for him to leave.
He heaved himself out of the deckchair like an old man.
She felt leaden herself, but the weight of his grief surprised her.
This wasn't the end of the world.
They barely knew each other.
She watched him go - as at an upstairs window her companion watched him go - a man made heavy by what he'd brought on himself.
Adam leaving the garden, she thought.
She felt a pang for him and for men in general, no matter that some had raised their hands to her.
A man turned from her, his back bent, ashamed, defeated, all the fight in him leaked away - why was that a sight she felt she knew so well, when she couldn't recall a single instance, before today, of having seen it?
Alone again, Ailinn Solomons looked at her feet.
A score or so years before the events related above, Esme Nussbaum, an intelligent and enthusiastic 32-year-old researcher employed by Ofnow, the non-statutory monitor of the Public Mood, prepared a short paper on the continuance of low- and medium-level violence in those very areas of the country where its reduction, if not its cessation, was most to have been expected, given the money and energy expended on uprooting it.
"Much has been done, and much continues to be done," she wrote, "to soothe the native aggressiveness of a people who have fought a thousand wars and won most of them, especially in those twisted knarls and narrow crevices of the country where, though the spires of churches soar above the hedgerows, the sweeter breath of human kindness has, historically, been rarely felt.
But some qualities are proving to be ineradicable.
The higher the spire, it would seem, the lower the passions it goes on engendering.
The populace weeps to sentimental ballads, gorges on stories of adversity overcome, and professes to believe ardently in the virtues of marriage and family life, but not only does the old brutishness retain a pertinacious hold equally on rural communities as on our urban conurbations, evidence suggests the emergence of a new and vicious quarrelsomeness in the home, in the workplace, on our roads and even on our playing fields.
"You have an unfortunate tendency to overwrite," her supervisor said when he had read the whole report.
May I suggest you read fewer novels.
Esme Nussbaum lowered her head.
I must also enquire: are you an atheist?
"I believe I am not obliged to say," Esme Nussbaum replied.
Are you a lesbian?
Again Esme protested her right to privacy and silence.
A feminist?
Silence once more.
"I don't ask," Luther Rabinowitz said at last, "because I have an objection to atheism, lesbianism or feminism.
This is a prejudice-free workplace.
We are the servants of a prejudice-free society.
But certain kinds of hypersensitivity, while entirely acceptable and laudable in themselves, may sometimes distort findings such as you have presented to me.
You are obviously yourself prejudiced against the church; and those things you call "vicious" and "brutish," others could as soon interpret as expressions of natural vigour and vitality.
To still be harping on about WHAT HAPPENED, IF IT HAPPENED, as though it happened, if it happened, yesterday, is to sap the country of its essential life force.
Esme Nussbaum looked around her while Rabinowitz spoke.
Behind his head a flamingo pink LED scroll repeated the advice Ofnow had been dispensing to the country for the last quarter of a century or more.
Smile at your neighbour, cherish your spouse, listen to ballads, go to musicals, use your telephone, converse, explain, listen, agree, apologise.
Talk is better than silence, the sung word is better than the written, but nothing is better than love.
"I fully understand the points you are making," Esme Nussbaum replied in a quiet voice, once she was certain her supervisor had finished speaking, "and I am saying no more than that we are not healed as effectively as we delude ourselves we are.
My concern is that, if we are not forewarned, we will find ourselves repeating the mistakes that led to WHAT HAPPENED, IF IT HAPPENED, in the first place.
Only this time it will not be on others that we vent our anger and mistrust.
Luther Rabinowitz made a pyramid of his fingers.
This was to suggest infinite patience.
"You go too far," he said, "in describing as "mistakes" actions which our grandparents might or might not have taken.
You go too far, as well, in speaking of them venting their "anger" and "mistrust" on "others."
It should not be necessary to remind someone in your position that in understanding the past, as in protecting the present, we do not speak of "us" and "them."
There was no "we" and there were no "others."
It was a time of disorder, that is all we know of it.
"In which, if we are honest with ourselves," Esme dared to interject, "no section of society can claim to have acquitted itself well.
I make no accusations.
Whether it was done ill, or done well, what was done was done.
Then was then.
No more needs to be said - on this we agree.
And just as there is no blame to be apportioned, so there are no amends to be made, were amends appropriate and were there any way of making them.
But what is the past for if not to learn from it -
The past exists in order that we forget it.
If I may add one word to that -
Luther Rabinowitz collapsed his pyramid.
"I will consider your report," he said, dismissing her.
The next day, turning up for work as usual, she was knocked down by a motorcyclist who had mounted the pavement in what passers-by described as a "vicious rage."
Coincidences happen.
Lesotho military says no coup planned; PM stays in South Africa
Lesotho military officials denied staging a coup to overthrow the government, saying they were acting against police suspected of trying to arm political fanatics.
Prime Minister Thomas Thabane fled the country, saying the country's military had surrounded his official home and seized government buildings in the capital of Maseru.
The premier took his family to neighboring South Africa after saying he received an assassination threat.
Military spokesman Major Ntlele Ntoi said there was not, in fact, a coup, but that the military was responding to a threat from "political fanatics" whom police were attempting to arm.
"What happened this morning was that the command of the Lesotho Defense Force was acting after receiving several intelligence reports that amongst the police service, there are some elements who are actually planning to arm some of the political, party political youth fanatics who were on the verge of wreaking havoc," he told Voice of America.
South African government spokesman Clayson Monyela said the military's actions had the appearance at an overthrow.
"Although no one has claimed to have taken over government through the use of force, by all accounts the activities of the Lesotho defense force thus far bear the hallmarks of a coup d'etat," he said.
Lesotho military officials said soldiers returned to their barracks Sunday and there was calm in the capital.
Meanwhile, Deputy Prime Minister Mothetjoa Metsing in control of the government in Thabane's absence.
Thabane said he believes he is being targeted due to his attempt to fight corruption in the country.
Tensions have been high in Lesotho since June when Thabane suspended parliament sessions due to feuding in his unity government.
He said his actions have not undermined the government, despite allegations otherwise.
Eurozone manufacturing at 13-month low
Manufacturing growth in the eurozone slowed to a 13-month low in August, according to a closely-watched survey.
The final Markit's Eurozone Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) dipped to 50.7 in August, down from 51.8 in July.
A figure above 50 indicates expansion.
New orders dwindled and factories suffered amid rising tensions between the EU and Russia over Ukraine.
The figures come ahead of the European Central Bank (ECB) meeting on Thursday.
Markets will be looking for a clear plan from the bank to deal with a stalled eurozone recovery, as well as the threat of deflation with inflation standing at just 0.3%.
There is speculation that ECB boss Mario Draghi could offer further indications later this week that he is considering a quantitative easing scheme for the eurozone, similar to those taken by the UK and US during the financial crisis.
"Although some growth is better than no growth at all, the braking effect of rising economic and geopolitical uncertainties on manufacturers is becoming more visible," said Rob Dobson, senior economist at Markit.
The factory PMI for Germany, Russia's biggest trade partner in the EU, fell to an 11-month low of 51.4.
Meanwhile, in the bloc's second-largest economy, France, the PMI fell to 46.9.
France remains a real concern, as does Italy's descent from solid expansion to stagnation.
Signs that growth impetus waned in the key industrial engine of Germany, and in Spain and the Netherlands too, is also less than reassuring," Mr Dobson said.
The slowdown in industry is likely to add further fuel to the fire for analysts expecting additional monetary or fiscal stimulus to be implemented.
One positive note was from the Republic of Ireland, which saw its PMI grow to 57.3, its highest level since the end of 1999.
Howard Archer, chief economist at IHS Global Insight, said: "The best that can be said for the August eurozone manufacturing purchasing managers' survey is that it indicates that the sector is still growing."
He added: "Eurozone manufacturers are clearly finding life very difficult at the moment as current heightened geopolitical tensions - particularly related to Russia/Ukraine - add uncertainty to still challenging conditions in many countries.
This heightened uncertainty has clearly hit business - especially, and consumer confidence, and it is likely causing some orders to be delayed or even cancelled, particularly big-ticket orders.
He said it was looking "ever more likely" that the ECB would ultimately have to undertake some form of QE, "although we suspect that it will be limited."
The Beslan survivors' decade of hell: Ten years since the horrific school siege, how the children caught up in it are still suffering
Ten years ago over 1,000 people were taken hostage by Chechen militants at a school in Beslan, southern Russia
More than 330 people, more than half of them children, were killed in the three-day ordeal that shocked the world
We went back to Beslan to find some of the victims who cheated death in the classroom atrocity
Exactly a decade after the appalling Beslan school siege in which 334 perished, including 186 children, the heroic survivors warned last night of a new apocalypse in Ukraine.
When fanatic Islamic terrorists kidnapped and killed children and parents on 1 September 2004, at the start of a new term, it seemed like the nadir of all evil.
The tragedy united east and west in revulsion, which amazingly then turned to action and hope for the future in the direst misery.
Ten years on, we went back to Beslan in southern Russia to find some of the victims who cheated death in the classroom atrocity.
We discovered amazing young people, who have defied adversity, though the memory of this terrorist hell will live with them forever.
Their greatest hope?
That the war now scarring Ukraine - in which children like them are dying - will now stop.
The girl pictured trying to climb back inside the blitzed school gym
She was famously snapped by top Russian photographer Dmitry Beliakov wearing only her underwear as tried to climb back inside the blitzed school gym after a mine exploded.
Bewildered, Aida was desperately searching for her mother, Larissa, now 40.
Both were feared dead, but in fact they survived.
'A woman told me to run for my life but I couldn't,' said Aida at the time.
My legs were covered in blood.
I got up and climbed back in to look for my mum.
A soldier plucked her to safety.
After a series of surgeries, she thought she had totally recovered but said yesterday: 'Three months ago, the pain came back.
I fear I may need more surgery.
Some shrapnel pieces are still in my knee.
Her aim now is to become a dentist, to help people as she has been aided by medics.
'This tragedy changed my life but it surely did not break it,' she said defiantly.
'It happened to me and you can't change this fact.
Once a year I always go to the gym to recall those who remained there.
My friends and I try not to talk about it on other days.
The pain is too much.
My best friend and my classmate-to-be Dzera Gapoeva was killed there.
We played together when we were small and dreamed of going to school together.
'I don't want to marry until I finish my studies and start my career.
I will think about a family later.
She says the siege remains with her though memories fade a little each year.
I am pleased that many people in the world still remember our troubles and we are so grateful for the help we got from people in Britain and everywhere.
When I see online the photograph of me climbing into the school window, I think that many people will see it for the first time, understand about our disaster, and stop this from happening any more.
The boy who fled through a hail of bullets believing his mother to be dead
He was on his first day at school (Russians start school aged 7) and survived the three day siege hugging his mum Tamara.
Then seven he said: 'Mummy told me to lie down if there was an explosion and hold her hand.'
After one explosion he thought she was dying.
She told him: 'Run'.
Fearing she was dead, he fled and on his way he saw a crying toddler, grabbed the child by the hand, and fled through a hail of bullets.
His dad Vladimir, who scooped up his son outside, said: 'Damir told me his mother had died.
He said: 'I couldn't save her'.'
In fact, Tamara had stumbled free and was in hospital with leg wounds, in turn believing her son had perished.
After their reunion she said: 'I wept with joy.
I couldn't believe it.
He ran in and hugged me.
Damir was later flown to London (by the now defunct News of the World newspaper) to be crowned a Barnardo's Children's Champion by then premier Tony Blair and wife wife Cherie.
'This horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop recalling it,' he said yesterday.
Still I can say that in my mind it is fading.
I remember right afterwards, I threw away all my toy guns.
But now I can play computer games with shooting and it is not a problem for me.
'I'm not scared to go back in the gym but I don't think about myself.
I remember those kids I used to play with in the yard who never got out.
We never say they were killed or dead.
We say they stayed in the gym.
I remember my trip to London so well, specially the toy shop where I was allowed to pick anything I wanted, and riding in an open top car.
But now he fears for places like Ukraine where wars cause the kind of misery he and his friends suffered.
This horror comes back to you every day, but I wish I could stop recalling it
'I feel so sorry for all those who suffer from these horrors,' said Damir, who was last week doing voluntary work at a nunnery.
I want to help so much.
I want to serve in the police one day and hope they enrol me to the training academy next year.
His mother Tamara, 48, said: '37 kids were killed in our neighbourhood, can you imagine?
I remember terrible silence right after the siege, there were just no children to shout and run around, and that silence lasted for many months.
She vividly recalls her trip with Damir to London.
People in London were crying when I told our story.
I realised then how folk on the other side of the world can understand our feelings, can show their support.
She was grateful to 'Cherie Blair and her foundation for that award and the opportunity to go to London in autumn 2004.
I wish I could call Cherie and just say it myself that 10 years have gone but I still remember meeting her and her husband in London, and how that helped Damir and me.
I remember when Damir wanted to eat borsch soup, they called all the local Russian restaurants.
I remember how he was playing with waiters in a restaurant, Damir was shooting at them from his water pistol and they ran away and played with him.
And we were just one month away from our horror then.
I was amazed that the British people were so ready to share our pain and to support us.
She said: 'I keep thinking this world did not get better within these 10 years.
Now in Ukraine the war goes on, people are dying every day, and I believe many children were killed and will be killed.
They are just the same children, like ours.
I think for many people the war is a news report they listen to when they are bored or busy with something else.
I just know what those people feel, the horror of it.
And I can't stop feeling it.
Nothing has changed, people still want to kill each other and it is so sad.
Damir grew up and became a very gentle and calm boy, he is not at all aggressive or angry.
He is not seeking revenge for example, he is not preoccupied with this past horror.
I know that he does not like to recall it but he is very close with six classmates and they go to the gym from time to time and light candles there.
When he was smaller he suffered from it - I remember he used to lie down on the sofa with his face turned away from us, for hours at a time.
Not sleeping, his eyes were open.
I also remember how he threw away all his guns and other army-type toys.Damir is 17 now, taller than me, nice looking, clever and healthy.
I can hardly believe that for some hours I was so sure he was dead and I'd never see him again.
When I managed to recover after the explosion and got on my feet I looked around, I saw the hell around me, when body parts were lying everywhere.
I was absolutely sure that there was no way my little boy could have survived in this hell.
'I remember I was shouting to him 'Damir, run, run away' but again I was so sure he had not heard me.
But he did hear, and he did run away.
So life goes on for us unlike for so many.
Georgy Ilyin, 17
The boy whose shocking image after the siege came to define the horror of Beslan
Comfort: Beslan survivor Georgy Ilyin with his mum Fatima after the siege in 2004, while on the right is Georgy today
His bloodstained face was etched with fear as he ran for his life as Chechen terrorists gunned down his classmates.
His picture was one of the most shocking symbols of the barbarity at Beslan.
His mother Fatima, 54, a senior GP, had dropped him for his first day at school before rushing to take her elder son Vladimir to university.
'I left two minutes before the terrorists rushed into the yard, so my little boy was left there alone for three days of horror,' she recalled.
Not completely alone, we had a family of relatives there but all of them were killed.
Only my Georgy managed to survive.
The closer this date is, the harder it is to think and talk about it.
There is no single day when we do not recall this tragedy.
We do not feel it was long ago, I think it happened yesterday, some scenes from those days come to my mind all the time.
Nobody will ever forget, I promise you.
Haunting: The image of Georgy (left) was one of the most shocking of the attack and has been immortalised in a statue (right)
I remember Georgy so much wanted to go to school on that day, he said he wanted to hug his teacher.
I only got to know he was alive when I saw him TV.
And now there is even a statue to crying Georgy in San Marino.
Georgy does not like to look at this picture and it is hidden it in the bookcase in our home.
I understand, but I also think that thanks to this picture people from all over the world feel our pain.
Georgy says now: 'It's important this can never happen again.
'I doubt we'll ever know the truth.
People keep investigating such tragedies and never know the truth.
Now they are investigating this Boeing crash in Ukraine.
Will we ever know what caused it?
This world is moving to something very bad.
'I can't understand how it happens, because if you ask people, no-one wants a war, so how does it happen?
Ten years is nothing for such pain.
We need dozens of years to pass in order to forget it a little.
It affected my health and I still feel it.
For about three or four years I had some nightmares because of the siege but then it got better.
I got back to school later in 2004, I was very scared every day.
I was thinking about my friends and classmates who were killed.
This is why I keep going to the gym as each 1 September approaches.
I want to pay tribute to my old childhood friends.
It is hard for me to go inside the gym but I must do it.
I do not feel myself a victim, this story is the part of my past now.
I will not forget it but I do not feel sorry for myself.
My life goes on.
I finished school this year entered a medical university in Vladikavkaz.
I will learn to be a heart surgeon.
My first choice was to go in the army.
I wanted to be a military man, but my health did not let me.
I wanted to fight for my country but it will not happen.
Georgy Farniyev, 20
The boy who survived despite having been trapped at the feet of a murderous terrorist
Miraculous: Georgy Farniyev was trapped at the foot of a murderous terrorist during the siege but still managed to survive
As the siege was underway, he was pictured trapped inside the gym, sitting next to a bomb at the foot of a murderous terrorist.
It is truly a miracle he was not killed.
'We feel as if it was just yesterday,' said Georgy, who wanted to train as an intelligence officer in the FSB, but was unable to because of damage to his health in the siege.
It is still with me, this is not something I left behind.
I am older now and people use to say children easily cope with bad experience - I must say this is not true.
'In 2006 I worked with psychologists and I did feel a bit better afterwards but I can't forget it.
And I would like to forget.
2005 - the year after - was the first and the last time when I went inside the gym again.
I lost consciousness.
I would never ever go there again and please don't ask me to show where I sat in that well-known picture.
Survivor: Georgy Farniev pictured today, with a photograph of him in hospital follwoing the siege on his laptop
My pain is enormous and I carry it with me every day.
My friends know that I do not like to think or discuss it and they never asked me about the school.
In terms of physical condition I am well.
I should be careful with my knee which was injured but I walk fine now.
Still my health did not let me go and study in FSB secret service academy in St Petersburg as I wanted.
I sent my documents, including medical papers, and they replied it was not possible.
My second passion was animals, so I went to the veterinary institute.
I have completed two years there.
He is learning to treat all animals 'from cats to cows'.
He said: 'I know I would never tell my children about my experience.
This is not something children should know about, and of course not something they should experience.
His mother Marina, 42, said: 'This pain never leaves me.
It is in my soul, worse when the anniversary gets close.
I will go and attend ceremonies being held to mark it.
I know Georgy won't go.
It must be even stronger for him because he was there and I was not.
I was waiting for him at home, not able to help.
I am so grateful to God that he was returned to me.Here in Beslan the imprint is on everyone.
It stays with us.
Georgy is an adult now but that horror is still with him.
It is hard to accept it when something so terribly unfair happens to you.
He is a boy, he likes sports but he can't take part because of his knee.
He had several surgeries, he walks but cannot exercise.
I would say he 50% overcame this horror, but one can never completely overcome and forget it.
This horrible experience will stay with us.
Many friends and neighbours were killed in the siege, and it only adds to my pain.
I lost many people I knew well and they were dear for me.
My son is with me and this is the greatest gift God could do for me but my heart aches about those killed.
I know families where new children were born, but also widows who never married again.
It is hard to accept that life goes on, even if you do not want it.
I will never forget my heart jumping out of my chest at the moment I saw him in hospital.
Now I look at what is going on in the world - wars in different regions.
What are those people fighting for?
Why are they killing each other?
The war is very close to our country now and I can hardly believe it.
We used to be one friendly country in the past, how did it happen that we are fighting now?
People and children are suffering, I am sure many children were already killed in Ukraine and many will be killed.
If we could only grab all the rebels and throw them away - as far away as possible.
Alyona Tskaeva, 10
The baby who was carried poignantly to safety by a special forces commando
Saved: Alyona Tskaeva is carried to safety by a Russian special forces commando (left).
She is now ten (right) and has no memory at all of the atrocity
The world gasped in 2004 when baby Alyona was carried out of the Beslan siege cradled in the arms of a Russian policeman.
Terrorists let her go but cruelly kept her 30 year old mother, ten year old older sister Kristina, and brother Makhar in the school gym.
Makhar, then three, escaped, but Alyona's mother and sister died in the murderous carnage.
Her father Ruslan has since remarried and with his new wife Svetlana he has a baby girl, who he named Kristina after the daughter he lost.
Alyona, now ten, has no memory of the siege and has blossomed into a bright and happy girl, say neighbours.
'They are a big happy family now and Alyona and Makhar are both great kids,' said a close friend.
Ruslan is a fantastic dad and wants to get them away from all the memories as the tenth anniversary is marked.
You can understand why.
Man accused of knocking down girl on Fife pelican crossing
A 78-year-old man is to stand trial accused of running over a three-year-old girl on a pelican crossing in Fife.
Gordon Stewart is alleged to have knocked down the girl on a crossing in Pittenween in East Neuk.
Prosecutors said Mr Stewart drove his Audi Q3 without due care and attention and knocked the girl down to her injury.
Stewart, 78, from Anstruther, denied the charge at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Sheriff Charles Macnair QC set a trial date in January.
4 tips for better underwater photos and video
If you're interested in shooting photos or video underwater, you have a variety of equipment choices.
The cheapest option is a waterproof point-and-shoot, such as the Nikon Coolpix AW120 or an action cam, such as the GoPro Hero3+ Silver Edition, which both go for around $300.
I shot these photos at a family party using several cameras, all priced under $350.
No matter what gear you use, a few rules apply for getting the best results.
Double-check your gear.
Even if you have a waterproof camera, make sure that the camera's battery and other compartments are tightly closed.
Also, set your camera to match the type of photos or video you'll be shooting.
Some cameras and camcorders have scene or shooting modes that will optimize the exposure for dim undersea settings.
And before you jump in, know how deep your equipment can go.
Some cameras are rated to only 5 feet, others to 50 or 60 feet.
Check out our buying guide and Ratings for digital cameras for both conventional and waterproof models.
Take multiple shots - because many of them won't work.
Point-and-shoot cameras have LCDs to help you compose photos, while action cams generally don't.
Even if you have an LCD, it's going to hard to see it underwater, and composing your shot will be a hit-or-miss process.
So shoot multiples.
Also, if your camera has a bracket mode, which shoots a burst of shots at slightly different exposure settings, take advantage of it.
Stay near the surface.
Light falls off dramatically the deeper you dive underwater.
If possible, stay close to the surface when you shoot in a pool, a lake or the ocean.
This will also allow you to capture more color in your photos; the deeper you go, the less color you'll see.
Get close to your subjects.
This is great advice for shooting on dry land, but it is even more important underwater because of the dim lighting conditions.
It's particularly important if you're shooting with an action cam: These devices often have a fixed, wide angle lens, which means you have to get closer to your subjects if you want them to fill the picture frame.
Andrew Lawson was the kind of man whose force of personality could shake things up, even in a gargantuan organisation like the NHS.
A consultant anaesthetist, he devoted his career to sparing the sick both the agonies of illness and the torments of treatment.
Among those who sought him out, his wife remembers, was an MI6 officer who had to live with the crippling after-effects of torture.
Lawson understood that while doctors are captivated by diagnoses and diseases, those being treated are overwhelmingly concerned with something else entirely: pain.
One day in 2007, however, he was the one who began to suffer.
"I have not felt myself," he wrote in May that year.
I've had difficulty in energising myself.
Struggling with flu-like symptoms, he found himself impatiently berating his wife, Juliet.
"I want everything to happen sooner rather than later," he noted.
When Juliet went away on business for a week, Lawson found himself unusually, and unaccountably, upset.
Something was up.
He got a colleague to perform a chest X-ray.
Just two weeks earlier he had been skiing in the French Alps.
The results of the X-ray came back.
He had mesothelioma, an incurable cancer that affects the pleura, or lining of the lung.
With most cancers, it is hard to know the exact cause.
Though some smokers get lung cancer, for example, not all lung cancer sufferers have smoked.
But mesothelioma is different.
In almost every case, the cause is exposure to asbestos - a fibrous building material once dubbed "miraculous," but now known to be mortally dangerous.
For most of us, mesothelioma has been an easy disease to ignore.
Asbestos, after all, is a product of the past.
The most dangerous type of asbestos has not been used in Britain since the 1960s, when a voluntary industry ban came into effect.
Even when it was used, only people in specific industries worked closely with it - pipe laggers, builders, carpenters and shipyard workers, for example.
An industrial toxin from another era, it hardly seems cause for concern today.
But such complacency is misplaced.
Britain, it turns out, is today at the peak of a mesothelioma epidemic.
There are more mesothelioma deaths here than in any other country on the planet.
With an annual toll of about 2,500, more than twice as many people die of the disease as die in accidents in motor vehicles.
Mesothelioma annual deaths since 1980 and projected future deaths in Great Britain
The reason that we are feeling its deadly effects now is that, though asbestos use has been illegal for years (all types of asbestos were eventually banned by law in 1999), it usually takes decades for mesothelioma to develop.
And the mesothelioma scourge is not confined to veterans of industrial building jobs.
Asbestos has been, and in many cases still is, embedded in the homes we live in, the offices we work in, the schools we are educated in, and the stores we shop in.
As a result, mesothelioma is no respecter of class, wealth, occupation, or age.
The bastions of privilege, from smart London department stores to public schools, have proved no refuge.
The Houses of Parliament are riddled with asbestos.
Even the hospitals that are meant to make us better have been reservoirs of this deadly carcinogen.
Andrew Lawson was not old.
Nor was he a pipe lagger.
In fact, he struggled to think where he might have come into contact with asbestos.
Then he put his finger on it.
"It seems that there may have been a lot of asbestos in the tunnels at Guy's Hospital where I spent six years training," he wrote.
Everybody - students, nurses, doctors and porters - used the tunnels.
One wonders how many of my contemporaries will get the same disease?
It was a question to which, sadly, he was able to provide a partial answer.
"Of four doctors who trained at Guy's Hospital and who subsequently developed mesothelioma in the past five years," he noted in a letter in 2010, "I am the only one left alive."
How many of us will get this disease?
Andrew Lawson was diagnosed with mesothelioma when he was 48.
When he died, on February 17 this year, he was 55.
To survive so long is unusual.
Fifty per cent of mesothelioma sufferers are dead 8 months after diagnosis.
It is always fatal.
So now we can only echo Lawson's question: "How many of us will get the same disease?"
According to Britain's leading expert on mesothelioma, Professor Julian Peto, our best guess is that between 1970 and 2050, when the asbestos epidemic in Britain should have played itself out, some 90,000 people will have died.
Most currently have no idea that they will die this way.
An asbestos mine in Quebec, Canada Alamy
A quick glance at the reports from the courts, where those affected often turn for compensation, shows how far the scourge of mesothelioma has spread.
This June, for example, Marks & Spencer admitted negligently exposing Janice Allen to asbestos.
She worked for the chain for nine years, from 1978 to 1987, supervising clothes sections at two sites - one of which was the flagship store on Oxford Street.
Mrs Allen was only 18 when she started working at M&S.
Now she has two children in their 20s.
"Before this happened," she says, "I had never heard of mesothelioma, I barely knew about asbestos.
I never would have dreamed that I would be affected by it.
Few people do know much about asbestos.
In fact, asbestos describes not one substance but a group of six minerals.
They get their name from the word "asbestiform" - which describes the fibrous structure which endows them with strength and flexibility.
Of the six, three have commonly been used in the building trade.
Chrysotile, commonly known as White Asbestos, is by far the most frequently found in buildings today.
It was used in roofing panels, floor tiles, pipe insulation, boiler seals, even brake linings in cars.
It is less lethal than other forms of asbestos, but it's still considered a "major health hazard" that can kill by the EU and WHO.
More dangerous, however, are Brown Asbestos (amosite) and Blue Asbestos (crocidolite).
Britain was once the world's largest importer of Brown Asbestos, and experts suggest that "there is strong but indirect evidence that this was a major cause of the uniquely high mesothelioma rate [in the UK]."
A Marks & Spencer employee was exposed to asbestos at its flagship store in Oxford Street, London Alamy
Janice Allen may not have thought of herself as a typical victim of mesothelioma, but Julian Peto's work suggests that her story is far from uncommon.
He has produced a study of sufferers which suggests that "a substantial proportion of mesotheliomas with no known occupational or domestic exposure were probably caused by environmental asbestos exposure."
Much of that exposure, he says, is due to "normal occupation and weathering" of our buildings.
No one, it seems, can be sure that they are safe.
A report from Goddard Consulting, which looked at the Palace of Westminster, shows how people, even in the heart of government, might have been exposed unawares.
In 2009 Goddard reported that service shafts and piping ducts behind Parliamentary committee rooms were contaminated with asbestos, whose lethal fibres could be disturbed by something as innocuous as "strong currents of air."
MPs are frequently accused of looking after their own interests, but in this case it seems the opposite may have been true.
While the Parliamentary Works Services Directorate insisted that the Palace of Westminster had been given "a clean bill of health," it is now accepted £1bn of work lasting several years is required to overhaul Parliament, upgrading electrics and removing asbestos, and that after the 2015 general election MPs may sit in the nearby QE2 Conference Centre rather than on the Green Benches at Westminster.
The Goddard report noted that "the presence of asbestos has not been managed in accordance with the various regulations."
It is impossible to know if this mismanagement will cost lives.
All anyone can do now is wait.
One person who has never been able to pinpoint his exposure to asbestos is Graham Abbott, a GP.
Like Andrew Lawson, Abbott, 50, suspects that he was exposed to asbestos while working in hospitals.
"I have worked at a hospital where positive asbestos claims have been made," he says, "But I can't prove it in my case.
It's so hard to remember all the places one has worked in, and the dates.
What he remembers clearly is the day early in December in 2009 when he was overcome with what felt like a fever.
He was 45, and in the middle of a late evening surgery.
Suddenly I started feeling shivery.
It came on very quickly.
I felt dreadful.
I didn't think I was going to be able to drive all the way home.
Being a doctor, Abbott knew that the pain was coming from the pleura, the lining around his lungs.
But like Janice Allen, he simply had no reason to suspect mesothelioma.
He ended up spending a month off work.
Puzzled doctors gave him chest X-rays, and administered pleural catheters to draw off fluid from the lungs and send it for assessment.
Yet the condition went undiagnosed.
Slowly his health improved and he went back to work.
But from time to time the same symptoms returned, often after he took exercise and was breathing hard.
In 2011, one of Abbott's patients arrived at his GP's surgery with similar symptoms to him, and was subsequently diagnosed with mesothelioma.
But even then Abbott didn't make the connection with his own case.
After all, his patient was decades older, and had worked directly asbestos.
The link in that case was clear.
In September 2011, Abbott's condition worsened again, and his consultant took his CT scans and X-rays to a panel of experts.
In December 2011, exactly two years after Abbott started feeling unwell, a probe, equipped with a camera, was fed into the cavity between the lining of his chest and the lining of his lung.
I'm an optimist.
I tend just to plod along," he says.
I hadn't worried about it too much to be honest.
But Rachel, my wife, was worrying.
The result of the biopsy came in the week between Christmas and New Year: "I was told it was mesothelioma."
Graham Abbott: diagnosed with mesothelioma
Suddenly Abbott was plunged into meetings with Macmillan nurses, one of whom suggested that he should get in touch with a lawyer.
That was when he realised the scale of the epidemic.
"It turns out that asbestos was widely used, particularly in big public buildings which quite often had asbestos lagging on the pipes," he says.
People who were exposed to asbestos in those buildings are now coming down with the disease.
So mesothelioma is now affecting younger people not in the typical professions.
The most dangerous asbestos-lagged pipes in hospitals were below ground level, so patients are unlikely to have been affected.
But many staff, walking in pedestrian tunnels to get from one building to another (like Andrew Lawson), or eating in basement canteens (as Graham Abbott frequently did) almost certainly did come into contact with the toxic substance.
For several decades after the war, it turns out, hospitals were potentially life-saving places for patients, but life-threatening places for the doctors who treated them.
It is still being removed today.
Pupils perched their Bunsen burners on asbestos mats
And it is not just hospitals.
Asbestos was frequently used in offices, shops, libraries and town halls for its marvellous insulating and flame-retarding properties.
Schools too.
In fact many people will have been first exposed to asbestos in the classroom.
Up and down the country, in myriad chemistry lessons, pupils have perched their Bunsen burners on asbestos mats.
Websites have sprung up to address the issue of asbestos in schools.
Meanwhile, in our homes, items as innocuous as floor tiles or shed roofs have routinely contained asbestos.
"It's an industrial poison built into large amounts of our housing stock," notes Andrew Morgan, the lawyer who represented Andrew Lawson in his case against Guy's Hospital.
In one case the only contact the woman sufferer could think of was pulling down a garden shed in the 1970s.
So be careful how you pull down the garden shed.
The impact of diagnosis, knowing that the disease is incurable, is huge.
"It takes a while to sink in," says Graham Abbott.
I went back to work and tried to carry on but realised that I couldn't concentrate on what I was doing.
I was at the surgery for two weeks.
Then I realised that I would have to leave and sort myself out.
Well, I won't see Christmas again
One of the hardest things was moving from the position of doctor to that of patient.
Like countless patients before him, he remembers feeling bewildered by the amount of information to get to grips with.
"It was hard to take everything in," he says.
"I asked my consultant "How long do I have?"
I was quoted about 12 months.
I remember thinking "Well, I won't see Christmas again.
That's it.""
Mesothelioma is particularly pernicious, because it is the mechanics of how we stay alive - the very act of breathing - that causes the cancer that kills.
Most Mesothelioma cases are caused by exposure to asbestos.
Asbestos is made up of tiny fibres.
When the asbestos is disturbed and the fibres are inhaled, they can become embedded in the pleura, the lining of the lungs.
Asbestos fibres irritate the pleura and can cause cell mutations.
"The problem comes from inhaled needle-shaped fibres of asbestos," Professor Tom Treasure, a cardio-thoracic surgeon who moved in 2001 to Guy's Hospital.
The very hospital where Andrew Lawson suspected he was exposed to asbestos is now, ironically, a leading centre in treating mesothelioma.
Treasure knew Lawson, and treated some others who are likely to have been exposed while training at the hospital.
Once the asbestos needles get into the lung tissue, says Treasure, "the act of breathing pushes them on the periphery, which is where the lining is.
It is by its nature invasive from the very beginning.
The normal options for treating other forms of cancer work less well with mesothelioma.
The effectiveness of surgery, for example, is hotly debated.
Some feel it is worth trying.
Treasure disagrees.
"You can't excise the pleura," he says.
You can't get your knife round it.
Meanwhile the cancer "is not very responsive to chemotherapy," which "has an effect" but does not cure.
"Every now and again you get long survivors," says Treasure.
But in the end they all die.
Happily, some patients do live far, far beyond expectations.
The author Stephen Jay Gould died 20 years after diagnosis.
Two-and-a-half years after his own diagnosis, Graham Abbott is still battling on.
After contacting mesothelioma Abbott was put in touch with Andrew Lawson, who, four years after his diagnosis, had become a one-man support and advice bureau for fellow sufferers.
"Hello, Cancer Central," he would announce cheerily when they called.
"He was very positive," says Abbott.
He had been diagnosed 4 years before and was still very active.
Initially, Abbott had been offered six cycles of chemotherapy that would take four months, and likely prolong his life by just one month.
"I felt desperate," he says.
I felt like giving up.
Lawson, however, "managed to put a slightly better tint on things."
After seeing several consultants, Abbott decided to pursue his treatment with Prof Loic Lang-Lazdunski, professor in thoracic surgery at Guy's.
"We had an advantage in that I didn't have to be referred, I just rang them up and they saw me," Graham admits.
The average patient would have to get a referral and have funding approved.
Money is crucial for those with mesothelioma to pursue the best available treatments.
But when those treatments eventually, inevitably, fail, many sufferers are faced with another financial worry - about the future of the families they will leave behind.
And so they turn to the courts in pursuit of compensation.
Andrew Lawson contacted Andrew Morgan, from Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP.
"It has been known that asbestos is noxious to health since 1898," says Morgan.
But what changed in the 1960s is that it was realised that even very low levels could be a risk to health.
That is where company negligence came in.
Andrew Lawson and Guy's hospital eventually settled their case, but it was not what Morgan calls a "full-value settlement" since Lawson could not prove definitively that his mesothelioma was down to asbestos exposure at Guy's.
After the inquest into his death, a spokesman for Guy's did confirm, however, that "the asbestos in the basement area concerned was removed in the 1990s."
That was too late for Andrew Lawson.
How to remove asbestos
In fact, pinning lethal asbestos exposure on one company or place of work - usually decades after the fact - has proved a huge problem for mesothelioma sufferers seeking compensation.
Many of their former employers have changed hands or gone out of business.
Insurance records may have been lost.
And those defending themselves from claims know they have time on their side, which the claimants certainly do not.
In response, this year has seen major new legislation which makes it easier for those with mesothelioma to claim compensation even if their former employers can no longer be traced.
The law has created a £350m pot of money, funded by the insurance industry, for those diagnosed after July 2012 who can prove exposure but have no one to sue.
In these cases sufferers will be awarded 80 per cent of what a court might have awarded in a normal compensation case - about £120,000.
About 300 successful claims to the scheme are expected each year.
Andrew Morgan, like many involved with mesothelioma sufferers, thinks that £350m represents "a very good job" for the insurance industry.
"It's a deal written by insurers for insurers" he says, suggesting that the sum is a quarter of what insurers would have had to pay if the passage of time had not intervened, and mesothelioma sufferers were able to track down companies and sue them in the normal way.
Even Mike Penning, then Works and Pensions minister, admitted that the law was "not perfect."
But both Penning and Morgan admit that, with seven victims dying each day, quick action was needed.
"People are suffering so much, and need help today," said Penning during the Mesothelioma Bill's second reading in December last year.
By then, Graham Abbott had been in the hands of Prof Loic Lang-Lazdunski for 19 months.
After their initial consultations, Lang-Lazdunski advised surgery which, in contrast to Tom Treasure, he believes has a positive effect.
This was followed by radiotherapy and chemotherapy - a tri-therapy for which Lang-Lazdunski can boast five year survival rates as high as 40 per cent.
Abbott felt empowered.
"That of course is one of the most important things," says Abbott.
You see it in patients all the time.
There is some drive that keeps you going.
When you give up you can deteriorate very quickly.
Graham Abbott went in for surgery in March 2012.
By the end of August he had completed the last of his six cycles of chemotherapy.
Follow-up scans revealed no sign of the disease.
Then I had my scan in March [2014].
There was multiple spotting [of cancer] around my chest.
I was just about to turn 50.
It's not life threatening.
It's life ending.
Once again Abbott put himself through six cycles of chemotherapy.
Now there is no sign of the tumours.
But the process is both physically and emotionally gruelling.
You have to think about practical things - about the finances when I'm gone for example, or showing my wife how the boiler timer works.
When you get bad news you start getting negative.
You have to look forward.
As the father of Ellie, 16, and Tamsin, 14, that is not always easy.
"It's hard as a parent," he says.
It is difficult to know what to say and how much to say.
When I was first diagnosed I told the girls that I had a condition that meant I wasn't going to become old.
They reacted very differently.
Tamsin is very sociable and boisterous.
She told her friends and we got lots of calls very quickly.
Ellie was more reserved.
She didn't say much.
Such conversations are something that all cancer patients must face.
But for mesothelioma sufferers such discussions are not leavened by hope, by even a glimmer of a possibility of survival.
The disease carries with it (even as it did, eventually, for Stephen Jay Gould) a grim certainty.
As Andrew Morgan says, "mesothelioma is not life threatening.
Bodies of embalmed Pharaohs wrapped in asbestos cloths.
Asbestos fibres used to strengthen cooking pots and provide greater heat resistance.
Pliny the Elder describes asbestos.
A linen has now been invented that is incombustible.
I have seen napkins made of it glowing on the hearths at banquets
Modern commercial asbestos use begins in Italy, where it is used to make paper (even bank notes) and cloth.
Major asbestos mines open in Canada and South Africa, and soon after in America, Itlay and Russia.
It is an ideal insulator for the steam engines and and turbines of the Industrial Revolution.
Global asbestos production rises to more than 30,000 tons annually.
Statisticians with Prudential identify premature mortality among those working with asbestos, who are subsequently refused life insurance.
Nellie Kershaw dies in Rochdale.
Dr William Cooke testifies that asbestos particles in the lungs "were beyond reasonable doubt the primary cause of death."
It is the first case of its kind.
Kershaw's employers, Turner Bros Asbestos, do not admit liability.
No compensation is paid.
World War Two sees intensive shipbuilding, one of the deadliest occupations for asbestos exposure.
Voluntary industry ban on the import of Blue asbestos
Court of Appeal confirms the first successful personal injury claim in Britain as a result of asbestos exposure.
Global asbestos production rises to more than 4,213,000 tons annually.
UK imports 139,000 tons.
Health and Safety Executive in Britain requires all contractors working with asbestos to be licensed.
Import and use of Blue and Brown asbestos banned by law in Britain.
All asbestos use banned in Britain.
Mesothelioma Act passed in the UK.
A £350m compensation scheme is announced.
Asbestos is banned in more than 50 countries, but white asbestos is still used as a cheap building material in many parts of the world.
Global production hovers around 2m tons annually.
China refuses to give Hong Kong right to choose leaders; protesters vow vengeance
China's parliament decided Sunday against letting Hong Kong voters nominate candidates for the 2017 election, despite growing agitation for democratic reform.
The move is likely to spark long-promised protests in Hong Kong's business district, as activists began planning and mobilizing within hours of the announcement.
The decision by China's National People's Congress essentially allows Communist leaders to weed out any candidates not loyal to Beijing.
"It's not unexpected, but it is still infuriating," said legislator Emily Lau, chairwoman of the Democratic Party.
This is not what Beijing promised.
They've lied to the people of Hong Kong.
And it's clear we are dealing with an authoritarian regime.
Defending China's ruling, Li Fei, deputy secretary general of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, said allowing public nominations in the election for Hong Kong's leader would be too "chaotic."
Since 1997, when Britain handed control of Hong Kong back to China, Beijing had promised to allow the region's residents to vote for the chief executive beginning in 2017.
Chinese leaders presented the Sunday ruling as a democratic breakthrough because it gives Hong Kongers a direct vote, but the decision also makes clear that Chinese leaders would retain a firm hold on the process through a nominating committee tightly controlled by Beijing.
And, according to a new clause, only candidates who "love the country, and love Hong Kong" would be allowed.
The ruling comes after a summer that has featured some of the largest and most high-profile protests in Hong Kong in years.
Behind much of the pro-democracy campaign in Hong Kong is the Occupy Central With Love and Peace movement, whose organizers have threatened to shut down the financial district if Beijing does not grant authentic universal suffrage.
On Sunday night, within hours of the announcement, hundreds of Occupy Central supporters had assembled in the rain outside the Hong Kong government's headquarters.
At the demonstration, organizers said that their movement was entering a new stage of civil disobedience and that they would mount waves of protests in the coming weeks.
However, they did not give details, apparently looking to avoid problems with authorities.
In an online statement, organizers said the movement "has considered occupying Central only as the last resort, an action to be taken only if all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and there is no other choice.
We are very sorry to say that today all chances of dialogue have been exhausted and the occupation of Central will definitely happen.
Authorities in Hong Kong have been preparing for Beijing's announcement for days, and security was tight Sunday at the government headquarters, with police and barricades deployed.
Driving the unrest is a sense among many in Hong Kong that they are slowly losing control over their city.
An influx of mainlanders is fueling competition for products and services.
There is also growing fear that Hong Kong's values, such as democracy and freedom of speech, are beginning to bend under increasing pressure from Beijing.
Some have criticized the Occupy Central movement, saying its demonstrations put business - the lifeblood of Hong Kong - at risk.
"The protest they are talking about, it could result in much economic damage, depending on how many are involved and for how long," said legislator Regina Ip, who has long criticized the movement.
We don't want concern to spread that Hong Kong is getting out of control.
This is a perception that is bad for investment.
China's state-run media also has run stories in recent days painting Hong Kong's democracy activists as agents of subversion directed by Western powers.
This summer, activists organized an unofficial referendum on voting rights that drew 780,000 participants - more than a fifth of Hong Kong voters.
And in July, tens of thousands turned out for one of the largest pro-democracy demonstrations in the region's history.
US prom culture hits university life with freshers offered private jet entrances
We're excited to be answering this demand by launching the UK's first luxurious travel service for the students of today.
To make the maximum impact arriving at university, the company also offers transport options including private jet, Rolls-Royce Phantom, Aston Martin or McLaren P1.
Mr Stewart also claimed the service had a safety aspect.
The service is an ideal alternative for students who would usually have to haul their belongings across the country in a dangerously overloaded car.
Paired with our new VIF options, we're looking forward to ensuring this year students reach university with minimum fuss and maximum luxury.
A spokesman for the company said that because the service has just launched there have been no bookings yet but added that "students will be booking the service over the next few weeks."
The company also said that despite students facing tuition fees of £9,000 a year, it still expected to find a market for the service.
Students of today are quite different in terms of expectations and aspirations, compared to students 10, 20, 30 or 40 years ago - it's more important than ever to make a great first impression and VIF is just the way to do that.
However, the National Union of Students criticised the service as out of touch.
Megan Dunn, NUS vice president for higher education, said: "This scheme seems incredibly out of touch with the lives of the majority of students.
Many students starting university this month are facing a cost of living crisis, with available financial support in loans and grants failing to keep pace with spiralling bills for basic essentials, before they can even start thinking about forking out thousands of pounds for something as simple arriving at their halls of residence.
Feminists take on race and police conduct post-Ferguson
The unarmed teenager was killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Mo., earlier this month.
Attendees hold their hands up while chanting, "Hands up, don't shoot," as they wait in line before the funeral.
After two weeks of protests in Ferguson, Mo. over the shooting of unarmed teenager Michael Brown, blogger Miriam Zoila Perez noticed a shift in the online conversation among white feminists.
In her experience, white feminist commenters prioritized gender above race when it came to pushing forward reproductive rights and income inequality.
But as tensions rose in the Midwest and drew nationwide coverage, Perez saw responses from white women that centered 100 percent around race.
Compared to the responses of black women soon after the shooting on August 9, the personal essays with titles like "thoughts on ferguson as a white woman" and "Feminism Is Not Just About Women's Oppression" came relatively late.
But to Perez, it demonstrated a significant shift.
"In feminism, I don't think you get a lot of people talking about whiteness and privilege in such a high level way," she said.
People felt called to voice something about what happened.
It's very emblematic of the crisis we face and because [the situation in Ferguson] is so racialized, they have to call that out.
For Ohio State University English professor Koritha Mitchell, Ferguson brought to light issues that black American women face every day but that aren't seen as "women's issues" in the cultural sphere.
"I can post something funny on Facebook about what's going on with me and my partner and it will get 150 likes from all over the place," said Mitchell.
When I post something about how people of color are under siege in their own country, the silence is deafening.
"How is it safe for women to speak publicly about relationships but not about safety in the public sphere?" she asked.
For black women like Mitchell who have studied race, gender and sexuality in U.S. history, there is no dichotomy between issues regarding race and gender.
To her, black women have not had the luxury of neatly separating the issues; they live the combined reality every day.
While white women are now combining issues of race and gender in mainstream feminist spheres, Angela Hattery, women and gender studies professor at George Mason University, says their predecessors did the opposite.
"Between 1865 and 1890, at least 10,000 black men were lynched and the justification was almost always the rape of a white woman," said Hattery.
You needed the white woman to be complicit in the narrative to justify the lynching.
To Hattery, the breakdown between white and black women came when white suffragists like Susan B. Anthony surveyed the landscape in the late 1800s and saw that the fight for voting rights would only work for one group at a time: women or blacks.
"They made the decision to put their eggs in the basket for votes for women and votes for Blacks would come later," said Hattery.
To look back at things like that gives us a powerful perspective on why women of color don't trust white women.
We haven't done a good job.
We haven't helped black women protect their husbands and sons ever.
Even after women won the right to vote in 1920, it took a decade for white women to organize against lynching as the Association of Southern Woman for the Prevention of Lynching.
The group came nearly 40 years after black women originally asked for assistance, said Mitchell.
To Mitchell, the upswell of white feminist responses to the issues raised by Ferguson - police conduct, racial discrimination - reflect the times white feminists have had to play "catch up" to issues black women have grappled with for generations.
"Wouldn't it be great if the activists who have those [traditional feminist] platforms took as seriously the right to raise a child as they did their right to have birth control?" posed Mitchell.
Second wave feminists who made careers out of fighting for reproductive rights and access to birth control are now figuring out what that means.
Noted white feminist activist Gloria Steinem took to Facebook two weeks after Michael Brown's shooting to post a pointed column by Guardian columnist Rebecca Carroll that demanded more protest from white Americans on the issue of racism.
"I hope women, who have a different but parallel reason for understanding a danger that is located in the body - and racial opinions that are measurably different in public polls - will lead the change," Steinem wrote.
Although Steinem has vouched for a more intersectional feminism that includes issues of race as well as gender, her comments on race in America still puzzle some.
American Enterprise Institute scholar Christina Sommers, author of "Who Stole Feminism?," told She The People that young men in the United States, especially young men of color, are "far more vulnerable than their sisters," but Steinem's remarks on Ferguson counter the criticism she has launched in the past.
We now have hundreds of special programs for girls and young women, but almost nothing for boys.
But when the White House recently initiated a small program, My Brother's Keeper, to help vulnerable black and Hispanic young men, there was an angry reaction from many feminists, including Gloria Steinem.
Police relations with the black community is not the only issue pushing to the forefront of mainstream feminism.
After U.S. border patrol apprehended nearly 63,000 unaccompanied minors at the country's southwest border this year, immigration reform surfaced once again - this time as a women's issue.
Andrea Mercado, co-chair of We Belong Together, an organization mobilizing women for immigration reform, said that in order to rebrand the issue as essential for women, all she needed to do was share immigrant women's stories.
"They speak for themselves," Mercado said.
When the vast majority of employment visas are given to [male immigrants], the women who come with them are left in a position vulnerable to domestic violence and exploitation.
"These stories resonate with women's organizations," she said.
Ipswich 'pig in residence' house for sale
A picture for a house for sale in Suffolk was removed by estate agents when it emerged it showed a large pig at rest in the living room.
On sale for £120,000, the detached one-bedroom property sits on a private road in Ipswich.
The particulars featured a picture of the living room of the house - which included a pig with its head resting on a settee.
Estate agents Connells said the pig in the photo was the home owner's pet.
"However, the photo was put up in error and has since been removed," a spokeswoman for the company said.
In the particulars for the property, Connells described the former meeting house as a "unique one bedroom detached house."
Although the agency has removed the image from its website, it still appears in publicity material.
The house sale has sparked interest on social media, where some have enquired whether the pig is included in the sale.
SW town of Harvey has fresh millionaire after Lotto win
A Harvey lotto player is in the month.
The search is on for a new millionaire in Perth's south-west, with one lucky person taking home nearly $1.1 million from Saturday night's lotto draw.
A Harvey newsagency struck gold in the division one draw for the second time in five years, the last being $1 million in November 2009.
However the lucky winner has yet to come forward.
Owner of the store Steve Forward said the win was creating a buzz around the small town in Perth's south west.
It's the talk of the town and everyone is pretty excited.
We thought a win like this might be close.
Eight WA winners have celebrated division one wins last month, capping off a lucky few weeks for the state's players.
Last week a Canning Vale player became one of five August millionaire's, following a Belmont couple's massive $7.5 million win only a few weeks prior.
The winning couple had played the game for twenty years and said the win gifted them the opportunity to travel the world and buy a new house.
The Harvey millionaire brings WA up to 59 division one winners for the year, totalling in nearly $85 million.
Leonidas begged in the gladiatorial arena
It was not only the gladiators that stood ankle deep in the mud at the park during Rheinbach's first Roman day.
The appeal of the event was so great that it attracted more than 1000 visitors yesterday, who braved the rain and autumn chill, and who were completely taken in by the historical show.
There was a colorful start with representations, performances, games, exhibition pieces and information on Roman times and their significance to the Rhineland.
The main attraction of the day was undoubtedly the martial arts group from the gladiator school "Amor Mortis", which, every time it stopped raining, seized the opportunity to demonstrate their robust martial arts in the soft sand covered arena.
The owner of gladiators "Leonidas" proved himself to be a humorous and expert presenter, who sent men, one after one, into the ring for a heroic duel in a variety of gladiatorial genres.
At first the "provocateurs" were lined up with a rectangular shield and short sword, as well a cuisse on the left leg, and a vembrace on the right arm.
Then there were the "Essedarii" wearing a breast-plate, and carrying a short sword and a spear, as well as an iron gladiator helmet, a cuisse and an arm guard.
What was particular impressive was the performance of the "Retiarius", who went up against the "Secutor" with a cast-net, trident and dagger, and who, after a short fight, knocked the guys to the ground.
The swords clashed against one another, the shields clanked and the spears flew, zooming through the arena, so much so that you feared for the safety of the gladiators.
However, the gigantic "Summa Rudis", a muscular referee, constantly kept a keen eye on them.
"We wanted to revive the Roman everyday life, and enable the culture of Roman times to be experienced", Lorenz Euskirchen, the chairman of the events organization "Freundeskreis Römerkanal" explained as the intention behind the spectacle.
Claus Wehage, the deputy mayor, announced in his welcome speech that after two years of preparation, the park was transformed for one day into an "Oppidum Romanum", a Roman city.
In the end, the Romans not only brought war and conquest to our region, but also the Roman culture and numerous buildings, which we can still admire today.
Some of these remains could also be marveled at during the Roman day, such as "Aduädukt-Marmor" from the eleven-meter high, and 1400 meter long, Roman canal bridge, which is the only one in Lüftelberg.
The Frontinus organization compared, both then and now, the water and energy supply, and the managing director, Petra Fricke, said: "We still derive benefit today from the knowledge of back then".
This was confirmed by the surveyor Ralph Heiliger from "IngenieurteamZwei" in Rheinback, who introduced the instruments used by the Romans for surveying, such as the Chorobat, Groma and Dioptra.
The Römervilla in Blankenheim presented sketches and models of the excavations of 1894, as well as bricks made from the original hypocaust, forced-air heating, which was once used to warm up Römervilla.
The footprints of a wolf and fox from two thousand years ago were also impressive, and were left behind after they trod in clay before it was burnt.
In 2011 the office of archaeological monument conservation at the state association in Rheinland excavated the remains of a Roman Villa in an industrial estate in north Rheinbach.
The enclosing walls of an agricultural building were discovered and contained a kiln for drying crops and malting.
The building probably belonged to a Villa Rustica, an agricultural manor, archaeologist Dr. Jennifer Morscheiser explained.
A range of finds from the excavation were presented in a glass cabinet, among which were a large plate, several fine glass jars and parts of a small necklace.
Morscheiser presumed that the Villa was there from between the first and fourth century Anno Domini until the invasion of the Germanic people in the former Roman Rheinland.
The children also kept themselves busy playing the Roman windmills game, similar to today's mill game, or they wrote, as did the Roman pupils at the time, their names with metal pens on wax tablets.
At the Roman thermal bath stand from Zülpich, the children were allowed to lay mosaics themselves; at the Rheinbach glass museum stand they made glass mosaics; and at the Eifel Nettersheim nature center stand, they got to use a heavy wheat mill made of stone so they could grind the flour needed for a pita bread or muesli.
The visitors rode through the park in a Roman carriage, which had been reconstructed to be true to the original, and pulled along by two cold blood horses, and also passed by the impressive city gym stand, where the results of their "Roman project week" were revealed.
From 13 to 21 September, the community of Wachtberg will also participate in a Roman week, in what is being called Roman Year 2014 throughout the Rhineland. The event will remember the death of Kaiser Augustus 2000 years ago.
Together with the clubs dedicated to local, regional and historical traditions and characteristics, as well as the Wachtberg hiking club, the partnership association, and the Oberbachem amateur dramatics club, hiking, recitals, cooking evening and guidance for school classes, among other things, will be offered, and the Roman history of Wachtberg shall be remembered.
The Roman legionnaire will, for example, talk about his drafty work in Wachtberg; plants will be presented as living monuments of Roman times, and a humorous lesson on the matter of international understanding between a "Germanic" group from Wachtberg and Roman invaders will be showcased.
Adendorf elementary school has devoted itself to a week-long, Roman-themed project.
The Roman week should, once again, enable us to experience the numerous and common, yet, at first glance, no longer visible, traces of the Romans in Wachtberg.
Wachtberg town hall will give a small presentation on the sanctuary in Berkum, which was found in 1879.
Ebola: The epidemic is putting strain on West Africa's economy
The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is also a huge hit for the economy.
Markets have been abandoned, and international companies are keeping their distance.
The devastating Ebola epidemic has dealt the economy in West Africa a heavy blow.
Crops are rotting in the fields, mines have been deserted, and the markets have been abandoned. The virus has cost the region dearly.
Even some international companies are keeping their distance.
"The Ebola epidemic is not only a medical crisis, but also an economic one", the head of the African Development Bank, Donald Kaberuka, concluded.
Liberia is the most affected country
"It is a total catastrophe; we are losing a lot of money", Alhaji Bamogo said, who sells clothes in the second largest market in Liberia's capital city, Monrovia.
The only people to come to the market are those who want to buy food or disinfectant against Ebola.
Liberia is the country most affected by the virus; here alone more than 600 people have fallen victim to the fever.
The health authorities recently explained that the disease has reached all corners of the country.
The virus has even spread to Guinea, Sierra Leone and Nigeria.
In total, more than 1500 people have already died, and thousands more have been infected.
Foreign businesses are pulling their employees out
All over countries rich with resources, companies are suspending operations.
Foreign companies such as the steel group Arcelor Mittal are withdrawing their employees, and several international airlines are no longer flying to affected regions.
Even local traders and farmers are reacting: Only a few business people are still leaving their home towns to replenish their supplies.
In some areas of Sierra Leone and Liberia, where they have been put under quarantine, cacao and coffee beans, to name a few, and which are important for export, are rotting in the fields.
The farmers do not dare leave their homes for the crops.
Food suppliers are scarce
"People are traveling less and less", Phillipe De Vreyer, a Parisian expert on the economy of West Africa said.
For example, a man, who normally goes to the market and sells his vegetables, is choosing to stay at home.
The population is, therefore, facing the consequences of the epidemic head on and feeling the pressure: Food suppliers are scarce.
The supply of staple foods such as rice is dwindling in the markets.
At the same time, the image of the region, which is heavily reliant on international companies, is under threat, and this has far-reaching consequences.
The biggest danger is that international companies are avoiding the region for what is essentially a long time, Phillippe Hugon, from the French Think Tank, Iris, said.
What is crucial is how wide and how long the virus will continue to spread.
Investors may get the impression "that it is dangerous to live in Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, and, therefore, also to invest", Hugon warned.
The disease is also burdening the already strained national budgets of the States
The disease is also burdening the already strained national budgets of the affected States.
The rating agency Moody's fears that their budgets are being heavily strained by the high expenditure on the health system, and also by the declining economy.
The African Development Bank has already promised to provide financial aid to the tune of 60 million dollars (45 million euros) to the health systems of affected countries.
The effects in Nigeria, where up to now only a few Ebola cases have been diagnosed, are already noticeable.
Yet the oil-rich region in the south of the Niger Delta is not yet affected.
However, elsewhere, many people are already staying at home for fear of becoming infected.
There is even a marked decline in the number of hotel reservations.
Shooters are celebrating their 50th anniversary
The gun club "Tannenwald" in Berngau is celebrating its 50th anniversary from 12th to 14th September.
The preparations for the party are well underway in Tannenwald gun club, which will celebrate 50 years since being established on 12th to 14th September.
The plan for Friday 12th September is an evening of entertainment provided by the group "Dorfrocker".
The large cannon will be fired on Saturday at 18:00.
Followed by a pleasant evening with "Stoapfälzer Spitzbuam" (Stoapfälzer rascals) in a large party tent.
A brass band will be catering for the music
The highlights on Sunday will be the festival service, which will take place at 9:30am in the parish church, and also the processions at 2pm.
There will also be a ranking announcement in the afternoon for the national and county shooting competition.
A particularly attractive sight will be the 25 festival women in their Dirndls.
The festival band will be Berngau brass band.
Mayor Wolfgang Wild and state secretary Albert Füracker have taken on the sponsorship.
The original name, "Schützengesellschaft Tannenwald Berngau" (gun society Tannenwald Berngau) dates back to 1907, when, on 21st March, the club was founded and described as "social entertainment by means of pistol and small-caliber target practice".
In 1937 the Nazi regime closed the club down.
Then on 30th April 1964, 19 young men founded the club again, and launched the "new" gun club "Tannenwald" in Berngau at Lukas guest-house.
Karl März and Adolf Ried led the club as range officers during its tough early years. The main objective then was to find a club pub and set up a shooting company.
As early as autumn 1965 the shooting club started out in "Leininger" guest house with two teams competing against one another.
The following year, target shooting was set up as a sport, organized into seven teams, ranging in ability, all the way up to the local premier league.
The club records roll out every year, and the magic 380 rounds were set up for the first time in 1980 by Rudi Meier.
Just as the achievements of the active members has increased, so have the number of members.
Once the club pub "Leininger" no longer met the requirements of a modern gun club, the club's management at the time, lead by Johann Rinn, decided to set up its future home in the basement room of the new "Landgasthof Härteis" (a country hotel).
After 2700 hours of hard work, Father Strasser issued the blessing of the church for the new guns room on 8th May 1988.
One of the greatest highlights in the history of the club was without doubt the 44th local shooting competition, which is linked to the formal consecration of the new shooting flag in July 1991.
On 23rd and 24th April 1994, the shooting club celebrated its 30th anniversary.
In 1995 the cannon group was founded.
Josef Schmalzl was the head of the cannon division.
Organizing the Bavarian Cannon Meeting in 2005 was a huge challenge for the "cannon shooters", and for the club as a whole.
Many hours of voluntary work was dedicated by members of the club last year to modernize the rooms and shooting facilities in the Berngau courtyard, making it state of the art.
Eleven teams go head to head
The sporting achievements of the shooting club are also impressive.
Currently there are a total of eleven teams that are taking part in the competitions: six air rifles teams, one pellet gun team, one KK1 sport target pistol team, one youth team and two old-timer teams.
The first team comprised of Lars Ellrich, Katharina Ellrich, Steffi Grad and Kerstin Kellermann was promoted to number 1 in the regional league in 2013/14, up from the local premier league (the highest of the shooting leagues in the ANB).
The second team comprised of Verena Moosburger, Alexandra Meier, Eva Schuhmann and Tobias Graml was promoted from the North local league to the local premier league.
In addition to shooting, events such as Bockstechen, Fasching and Königsball, club excursions and also Christmas celebrations are all club traditions.
The shooters also attend the parish and community festivals.
Tony Stewart crashes in return to track
Tony Stewart's return to the track has ended only a little over halfway through his race at Atlanta Motor Speedway.
Stewart hit the wall for the second time after his right front tire blew out on lap 172, ending his night.
Stewart drove his battered car to the garage and then exited without speaking to reporters.
His crew chief Chad Johnston said the 14 team was disappointed, but will now start focusing on next weekend's race in Richmond, Virginia.
"I wish we could have had a better effort and a better finish for him," Johnston said.
We'll go on to Richmond and hope we can do better there.
Stewart first went into the wall earlier in Sunday night's race following a collision with Kyle Busch, requiring work to the right side of his car.
"I went into today with some pretty good hopes of finishing well," Johnston said, adding, "It just didn't work out."
Not long after the second crash, Stewart's car was loaded onto the hauler and the team was packed up and ready to leave.
Stewart skipped three NASCAR Sprint Cup races after his car struck and killed a fellow driver in a dirt-track race in upstate New York.
He decided to return this week, needing to win either at Atlanta or the next race at Richmond to claim a spot in the Chase.
He returned to work as an investigation into the tragic incident that resulted in the death of 20-year-old Kevin Ward Jr., who had stepped on the track to confront Stewart during a race.
Authorities said Friday that the probe into the cause of the crash will last at least another two weeks.
No decision has been made about whether Stewart will face charges.
The three-time champion received a big cheer when he was introduced before the race.
Starting in the 12th spot, Stewart ran in the top 10 early in the race, getting as high as fourth.
Then, on lap 122 after a restart, Busch's No.
18 machine got loose coming out of turn 2 and banged into Stewart, sending both cars against the wall.
Stewart carried on but dropped back to 21st.
Dance-crazy youths wanted
Just try it: Laura, Lena, Lisa, Marie, Bettina, Emma and manager Lisa Neitzel (from left to right) are looking forward to new members.
Like many other clubs, the jazz group also runs a day-long class in TV Jahn in order to make it to the prep school.
Some groups have seen sharp declines in attendees after the summer holidays.
Now, they are eagerly on the look out for youths for a sport which is healthy and a lot of fun.
There are now only nine children in both the jazz and modern dance group given by Lisa Neitzel, former dancer in the jazz and modern dance formation "Spirits".
The 20-year old tells us there are "three in the eight to twelves, six in the twelves to 15".
If there were more active participants, the whole thing would be a lot more fun, "we could dance to completely different choreographs", she said.
Anyone interested in dancing can come along and have a go, there is no obligation to join. The session run on Thursdays between 5 and 6, and on Fridays from 5 until 6:30 PM in the dance room at what was Hotel Meyer, 9 Freistraße.
"Training usually starts with a warm up program", the trainer explained.
We then practice different choreographs.
JazzDance is such that there is no hard and fast way of doing it, which makes it open to many styles.
Elements ranging from folklore and classical to sports and acrobatics are worked into Jazz Dance.
And of course, the socializing isn't bad either.
"We sometimes go out to eat, watch dance films, and we have also slept over in the dance hall before now", Lisa Neitzel tells us.
You can make friends in the group, share a wonderful hobby, and also do a great deal for your own motor development.
If Jazz is not your thing, then you can also come along and try out one of the other groups offered by TV Jahn.
Children and youngsters are always welcome to pop in and have a go during Wednesday's class. They can choose from children's dancing/jazz, video clip dancing and hip-hop.
The dance teacher is Francisco Afonso.
Adult couples are welcome to attend the dance evenings on Mondays and Wednesdays.
If you are interested in discofox, slow waltzes, Viennese waltzes, rumba, cha-cha-cha or the tango, drop in and take part.
Bulgaria's Prison Officers Stage National Protest
Hundreds of prison workers from across Bulgaria have held a national protest in front the Justice Ministry in the capital Sofia.
In a peaceful demonstration, they have reiterated their calls for the old working conditions, which were recently changed, to be restored.
Higher salaries are also among a list of requests due to be discussed with interim Justice Minister Hristo Ivanov.
For a month, officers have protested symbolically against the new working hours, demanding to return to the old 24 hour shifts.
Despite the meetings between the prison officers union and the Justice Ministry representatives, an agreement was not reached, Bulgarian National Radio (BNR) informs.
Negotiations are ongoing, the head of the Chief Directorate on the Execution of Penalties Rosen Zhelyazkov told BNR.
The protest of the prison workers union is expected to be joined by members of the Trade Union Federation of the Employees in the Ministry of Interior.
Ukrainian army has abandoned Luhansk airport
Pro-Russian fighters are gaining ground again in East Ukraine.
Following heavy fighting in which Russian tank divisions are also said to have participated, the Ukrainian army has today, Monday, abandoned Luhansk airport, the rebel stronghold.
The army announced at the same time that over the past 24 hours, seven soldiers have been killed.
The Ukrainian President, Petro Poroschenko, had previously taken appropriate action personally due to the heavy defeats suffered by his army in the fight against the separatists, and announced changes to the senior leadership of the army without going into detail.
Pro-Russian separatists shot down an aircraft
In the fight against Ukrainian government troops, pro-Russian separatists say that they have once again shot down a warplane and two military helicopters.
Rebel forces announced on Monday that around 100 soldiers are also believed to have been injured or killed in fighting in the Donezk region; according to Russian agencies.
Coastguard ships sunk
The rebels also claimed that for the first time they have sunk two of the Ukrainian coastguard's boats in the Sea of Azov.
The Ukrainian border police confirmed that two of its ships came under fire on Sunday near to the harbor town of Mariupol.
During the attack seven border guards were injured, according to a spokesperson speaking to the station 112.ua in Kiev.
Two crew members are missing.
Local media blamed Russia for the incident.
In addition to this, the separatists reported that they have taken control of several towns and villages in the Donezk region.
Diplomatic offensive in Minsk
The Ukrainian contract group are meeting today in the Belorussian capital city of Minsk.
Representatives from Ukraine, Russia and the OSCE, as well as an ambassador for the separatists from East Ukraine should take part.
Prior to the meeting, all parties used their appearance as a means of publicly announcing their demands.
NATO does not want to break agreements with Russia
NATO will not break their agreements with Russian as a result of their planned deployment to East Europe in response to the Ukrainian crisis.
In Brussels on Monday, the Secretary General of NATO, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, said that NATO will adhere to the NATO-Russia Council formation agreement of 1997.
Nevertheless, the head of NATO accused Russia of "a flagrant breach" of the agreement.
"Today we must face up to the reality that Russia does not consider NATO as a partner", Rasmussen said.
Documents and statements from the Russian side reveal "that they consider us as enemies".
Strengthened NATO presence
Rasmussen also announced that he wants to strengthen the presence of NATO in East Europe.
A NATO summit meeting in Wales to decide on a "Readiness Action Plan" will ensure that "we will have a more visible NATO presence in the East, if needs be", Rasmussen explained in Brussels on Monday.
Kiev and Moscow have agreed to new talks on gas
According to official data, Russia and Ukraine have agreed to new talks to settle disputes over gas.
The negotiations have been scheduled to take place next Saturday, the Russian Minister of Energy, Alexander Nowak, said on Monday.
The decision of the European Union as to whether they will also send a representative to the talks is yet to be made.
Due to the disputes over gas prices, Ukraine has not been receiving fuel from Russia for weeks.
The EU Energy Commissioner, Günther Oettinger has recently arbitrated between the two sides.
Ukraine warned that Russia could also suspend the gas supply to Europe.
Europe purchases around one third of its natural gas from Russian sources, a large proportion of which flows through Ukraine.
Merkel puts her foot down: "Let's be clear", tolls will come
Once again the Chancellor makes herself clear.
However, there is still no charter explaining all the complex details.
Stiff opposition from the CDU against the tolls is making the CSU increasingly angrier.
Following persistent opposition from the CDU, the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, has put her foot down with regard to the introduction of tolls.
"Let's be crystal clear: They are mentioned in the coalition agreement, and we will have them", the party leader said on Monday following a CDU party conference with top committees in Berlin.
But Merkel has not, for the time being, established a detailed model.
"Certain parameters" were mentioned in the black-red government program.
The Minister of Transport, Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) "made a suggestion, and we are continuing to work on it".
The NW-CDU, however, is insisting that tolls on all streets be objected against.
Merkel stressed that even the Minister of Finance, Wolfgang Schäuble (CDU), is participating constructively in the consultations on the draft bill.
He has spoken with Dobrindt on the topic and about further possibilities for capitalizing more and investing more in infrastructure, such as developing broadband.
"There is nothing special about it". On Sunday, Schäuble let an article in the Spiegel pass without comment, which stated that his house is testing its own concept for compensating motorway investors with returns on the tolls - after the 2017 election.
As a result, the leader of the CSU, Horst Seehofer, warned about developing toll concepts in the cabinet against the Minister in charge.
The deputy leader of the CDU, Armin Laschet, reinforced his objections.
"The coalition agreement never assumed that all district and A-roads would get tolls", the state chairman for North Rhine-Westphalia said.
The fact that Seehofer has now announced that he will discuss this topic again is an important sign.
Opposition to the plans has also been received from the CDU state association in Baden-Württemberg and Rhineland-Palatinate.
This is due to concerns that a toll would have a negative impact on small-scale border traffic to neighboring states.
Seehofer has demanded loyalty to the coalition following criticism of the tolls from members of the CDU.
Die Linke (the Lefties) are considering the plans a failure given the arguing within the union.
"The messed up toll is dead", Bernd Riexinger, the party leader, told the "Neuen Osnabrücker Zeitung" (newspaper) on Monday.
"If the toll fails, the Minister fails". Dobrindt wants to introduce an obligation to have toll labels on all German streets as of 2016.
According to the coalition agreement, car owners in German must not, however, have to face additional charges.
As such, road tax should be offset against tolls for them.
According to EU law, however, the model must not disadvantage foreign drivers due to their nationality.
Genetic disorder often misdiagnosed
A British woman says she spent many years thinking she was going to die after a misdiagnosis.
Karin Rodgers spent most of her teenage life believing that she only had years to live after she was diagnosed with another disease.
She actually had Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) - a group of inherited disorders that damage nerves outside the brain and spine.
Charity CMT UK said that misdiagnosis is a common problem among people with CMT because so little is known about the condition.
About 23,000 people in the UK are thought to have CMT, which can cause motor symptoms such as muscle weakness, an awkward gait and curled toes.
Sufferers can also experience numbness or pain and the condition is incurable and progressive, meaning symptoms get worse over time.
When Rodgers was 13 she was under the impression that she suffered from Friedreich's ataxia (FA) - a condition which had a very poor prognosis.
Rodgers thought that she was going to be wheelchair bound by the time she was 18 and dead before she reached her 30s.
The mother-of-two, who is now 51, said: "As a child I knew I couldn't do the same things as others.
I was falling daily and everything took me longer to do.
I could never roller-skate or skateboard with other kids and got bullied at school a lot because of the way I walked and ran.
Rodgers said when she was aged 13, after several operations to release her Achilles tendons and straighten out her feet, she took a peak at her medical notes when her consultant left the room which said that she suffered from FA.
"I felt guilty because I'd been nosy and so I didn't tell anybody, but I did come home, look up the condition at the library and wrote to the FA Association," she said.
When I got the information back I was gobsmacked and in the worst state of panic possible.
I thought I'd be in a wheelchair at 18 and dead by the time I was 25 and in between gradually lose all my ability.
I was going through this on my own and I planned my own funeral.
She said by the time she reached 17 she realised that her walking abilities hadn't deteriorated as much as she thought they would have and asked her surgeon about it.
He just stood up and hugged me and said 'my dear I don't think you have it, as you would be in a wheelchair now.'
I think you have something a lot less life threatening.
After some genetic testing she was found to have CMT.
"When he explained what CMT was, I thought I'd drawn the lucky straw," she said.
Charity CMT UK has launched CMT awareness month to try to draw attention to the condition.
Retired Sergeant Major Berni Biether has been working as an artificer ever since the closure of the former military training ground
Not a shot has been fired in the former military training ground in Münsingen for almost ten years.
Nevertheless, deadly ammunition turns up in the center of the biosphere region of Swabian Jura every month.
The shells are sometimes so dangerous still that they have to be detonated there.
A deafening bang echoes across the center of the biosphere region upon detonation.
The last live round to be fired at the military training ground in Münsingen was in December 2004, which, at the end of 2005, after 110 years of military operation, was closed down.
Since then, the 6500 hectares of land has been the center of the Swabian Jura's biosphere region, which opened up 13 designated pathways for hikers and cyclists.
Washington-area business owners" tax burden mounts as economy rebounds
A rebounding economy means more customers, higher sales and new jobs.
It also means higher taxes.
State and local tax bills for companies across the country grew modestly last year as the economic recovery accelerated, according to new research released last week, and Washington-area firms were no exception.
District, Maryland and Virginia businesses collectively paid $27.6 billion to state and local coffers in fiscal 2013, an increase of 3.8 percent over the $26.6 billion collected in 2012.
Businesses" state and local tax burdens last year expanded by 4.3 percent, to $671 billion, compared with 3.9 percent the year before, and it was the third consecutive year of growth after back-to-back years of shrinking bills in 2009 and 2010.
State taxes rose at a faster clip, 4.3 percent, than local levies, 3.9 percent, according to the study, which was conducted by professional services firm Ernst & Young and the Center on State Taxation, a tax policy group.
More than half of the District's tax revenue, 56 percent, comes from business taxes, while 36 percent of Maryland's revenue comes from firms.
Virginia, at 28 percent, generates the least amount of tax revenue, proportionately, from business.
Much of the growth in tax revenue is being driven by a rebound in companies" real estate values, researchers say, which pushed property taxes up 3.7 percent this year after three consecutive years of sub-1 percent growth.
While a large share of those gains came from big states such as California, New York and Texas, it appears to be the same story in the Washington area as well.
Companies in the District, Maryland and Virginia collectively forked over $10 billion in state and local property taxes last year, up from $9.6 billion in 2012 - year-over-year growth of 4.2 percent.
But the apparent bounceback in property values isn't doing nearly as much to inflate state and local tax revenues in Maryland, where property taxes amount to barely more than a fifth of companies" tax bills.
Virginia and D.C. firms pay nearly half of their state and local tax bills in the form of property taxes.
"What's happening in Maryland is that so much of their property, especially the tax base surrounding the D.C. area, is owned either by the government or by nonprofits, which don't pay property taxes," said Douglas Lindholm, executive director of the Center on State Taxation.
So Maryland is forced to rely much more heavily on, for example, its income taxes to pay for the same services you have in other states.
The recent rebound in business tax revenue cannot all be attributed to the recovering real estate market.
Business incomes also appear to be on the mend, according to the data.
Companies in the region reported state corporate income taxes of $2.3 billion, up from $2.1 billion in 2012.
Maryland collected $1 billion in corporate income tax revenue, the most in the region.
While trending in the same direction, the local tax burden on businesses isn't growing at the same pace in all three places.
The District's rate of growth was level with the national average, at 4.3 percent, while Maryland's growth was substantially faster at 4.9 percent.
Only Virginia posted a below-average tax bill bump of 4.1 percent.
Virginia has the lowest corporate income tax by far of the three jurisdictions (all of which have flat corporate rates) at 6 percent.
Maryland's corporate rate is 8.25 percent, while the District's stands at a relatively high 9.975 percent.
A similar study by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce earlier this year showed that Virginia had lower state and local business taxes and an overall better business tax climate than Maryland.
The District wasn't evaluated in the study.
Despite its advantage, Virginia is facing competitive pressure from its neighbor to the south.
North Carolina recently signed legislation lowering its corporate rate this year from 6.9 percent to 6 percent, in line with Virginia, and the rate will drop to 5 percent next year.
If the state continues to meet revenue goals in the coming year, the law could push the state's business income tax rate as low as 3 percent by 2017.
Meanwhile, small businesses in the Washington region seem to be faring better and thus paying more state and local taxes, according to the recent study.
Business taxes paid as personal income taxes by small business owners - the pass-through structure by which most small firms are organized - in the District, Maryland and Virginia surged 20 percent last year to $2.4 billion, a much faster rate of growth than overall business taxes.
Researchers say that trend and the increase in business taxes nationwide are likely to continue this year, with overall sales tax revenue for state and local governments up 6.2 percent in the first three quarters of 2014 compared with the same period last year.
However, the Washington area may lag behind as the slowdown in federal spending takes its toll on the region's labor market.
Twin town: German beer for Guangzhou
Hops and malt - a popular combination even in China.
German beer is enjoying an excellent reputation in China.
Frankfurt's twin town in China would like a brewery, and also hopes for a direct flight connection between the two cities.
German beer brewed in Frankfurt's twin town of Guangzhou - that is the burning desire of the Chinese officials.
"We would be delighted if a German brewery would set up business in our city", the deputy party secretary of the southern Chinese city, Li Yiwei, said this week during a visit to the city by an SPD delegate.
Time and time again throughout the conversation, the official of the ruling communist party in China came back to this wish of the twelve million people metropolis.
Guangzhou, which is also known as Canton in Germany, is one of the richest cities in China Li advertised.
So, the people also have the buying power to afford German beer.
The Hessian SPD chairman Thorsten Schäfer-Gümbel, who led the German delegation, said to the host that he would keeps his ears open in Germany for a possible partner.
"You don't need a lot to make beer: good water, grain and a zest for life", he added over lunch with the senior party member in Guangzhou.
This zest for like already beams out of Mr Li, he said flattering the host.
After that, the official from Guangzhou clicked glasses with Schäfer-Gümbel - albeit with red wine, which was served with dinner.
The Chinese brand Tsingtao has traces leading back to the German art of brewing.
Tsingtao beer is brewed according to the German purity law.
More business operations
A second wish of the Chinese host would be a direct flight connection between Frankfurt and Guangzhou, the deputy party leader, Li, said.
Lufthansa used to offer such a flight, but canceled it for economic reasons in 2012.
"It would be worth it again", the local politician seemed convinced.
"The business operations between our two cities are continuing to grow".
At present, travelers would have to take a detour via Changsha in the province of Hunan, Li complained.
The administration of the province of Guangdong, whose capital city is Guangzhou, is also hoping for a flight connection.
The deputy governor of the province, Chen Yunxian, emphasized this wish during his talks with the social democrat.
"That is a very good idea", Schäfer-Gümbel answered - the Chinese deputy minister, Li Jinjun, an intimate expert on Germany, nodded in agreement.
Well-cultivated partnership
The affable deputy party leader of Guangzhou hopes to visit Frankfurt next year for a partnership meeting.
Li Yiwei has already been to the Main, but not in the capacity of his role.
He only took up office this year after his predecessor was removed from office over corruption allegations.
Even the party leader of the region, Wan Qinglian, had to leave.
The action taken against the officials from Guangzhou is part of the nationwide campaign against corruption in parties and the administration, which was rigorously implemented by the head of state, Xi Jinping.
Before his career in politics, the new senior politician, Li Yiwei, worked for an American company, which is highly unusual in the Chinese communist party.
Before taking office in Guangzhou, he was working as a senior official in Fujian, where car manufacturer VW has built a large factory.
Frankfurt has officially adopted more than a dozen twin cities.
Guangzhou, one of the twin cities located some 9000 kilometers away, is a connection that will be well looked after and cherished by both sides; for example, with a school exchange.
Last year marked the 25 year of German-Chinese relations.
The South China metropolis, which lies on the Pearl River, is almost as strong as the whole of Hessen thanks to its economic power.
Next year they would like to reach a gross domestic product of 250 billion euros, Li reported.
Joan Rivers' Family Keeping 'Our Fingers Crossed'
Joan Rivers has been unconscious since her arrival three days ago at a New York City hospital, but her daughter expressed hope today that the 81-year-old comedian will recover from her illness.
"Thank you for your continued love and support," Melissa Rivers said in a statement today.
We are keeping our fingers crossed.
Her mother arrived at Mount Sinai Hospital Thursday after an emergency call that she was in cardiac arrest at an Upper East Side clinic, Yorkville Endoscopy, sources said.
Doctors are intentionally keeping her sedated and under close supervision until they're more comfortable with her condition, which remains "serious."
Reaction has been widespread, including overwhelming online support from the likes of Donald Trump, Montel Williams and Kelly Ripa.
Environmentally friendly vacuum cleaners and increasing wages
Strict environmental standards for the future shall apply to all cars and vacuum cleaners that go on sale as of today.
As of September 1st, new vacuum cleaners will come with a label, similar to that on refrigerators and washing machines, which will allow buyers to see key information at a glance, such as the energy efficiency of the appliance.
New cars that fall under the emissions class "Euro 6" will receive a higher nitric oxide value.
Aside from this, there is more money for scaffolders: They will receive a minimum wage of 10.25 euros as standard across the whole of Germany.
Amazon buys Twitch for $1.04 billion
AMAZON just confirmed what the Information reported Monday morning: The online retailer - and video producer, and a hundred other things - is buying video streaming service Twitch for $1.04 billion ($US970 million).
The announcement comes as a surprise, not because no one expected Twitch to be bought, but because YouTube was widely expected to be the buyer.
Three months ago the sale of Twitch to Google's video service, for a cool billion, looked all wrapped up, and the pairing seemed natural.
Twitch, founded only three years ago as Justin.tv, set out to be a general streaming service - a live version of YouTube.
Instead, it quickly became a platform for gamers to broadcast their in-game feats; a "YouTube for live gaming," in Business Insider's words.
Twitch's interface.
And "let's play," a genre of videos in which wiseacres give (mostly older) games the Mystery Science Theater treatment, are already popular on YouTube.
The point is, YouTube comes up a lot when describing Twitch, so the news that YouTube was acquiring Twitch was greeted with a yawn, a textbook example of an entrenched tech company buying out a potential competitor.
It's a mystery why the deal with YouTube fell through, considering it was reportedly willing to pay no less than Amazon.
All we have at the moment is this statement from Twitch CEO Emmett Shear: "We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us get there faster."
Another mystery, frankly, is Twitch's incredible success.
To snobs like me who declare that they'd rather play sports than watch them, it's hard to see the appeal of watching games rather than taking up a controller myself.
It's one thing to look over your friend's shoulder at 3 in the morning as she creeps through Resident Evil, and quite another to watch some rando get 20 headshots in a row in Call of Duty.
All the games you could be watching right now.
Another problem is that many of today's most popular games are first-person, so watching footage of them, without controlling the viewpoint yourself, can be a Do It Right-worthy recipe for a headache.
I concede that speedruns, in which the Roger Bannisters of our electronic age complete entire games in record time, are entertaining.
But unless someone is a virtuoso at gaming or humour, his Twitch channel isn't likely to be all that interesting.
But what do sceptics like me know?
Twitch has 55 million unique visitors monthly and is the fourth-largest source of peak internet traffic.
How, exactly, will Amazon capitalise on this?
It's hard to imagine Twitch being folded into Amazon Instant Video as elegantly as YouTube could have just swallowed Twitch.
But Twitch has something any company would love to attract: hordes of advertiser-coveted young men.
As Twitch chief Shear said, Amazon and Twitch "are both believers in the future of gaming," and the medium shows no sign of shrinking, even - gulp - as a spectator sport.
Something is happening on the bouncy castle at the Burggartenfest (castle garden festival).
The organizers' idea was right.
Despite the heavy downpour of rain on Saturday evening, approximately 1200 music fans went to the open air festival in the castle garden.
Admission had to be stopped on occasion.
"It was annoying", according to Ron Sem, one of the organizers.
Salzwedel lights and fun.
Maxim Sachraj and Ron Sem coined the name "Armula" from two Spanish words.
Since the open air castle garden in Salzwedel was supposed to beam out bright lights during the wide range of daytime and evening shows.
Well, you make your own fun anyway.
This was already apparent early on Saturday when the first visitors set off for the open air.
The organizers promised a festival fit for all generations.
And that is what they delivered.
Around the supplies stand located in the meadows of the castle garden, people from Salzwedel, but also guests from near and far, made themselves at home.
They followed the first live performance, tapped their feet in time, and enjoyed refreshments. In short: Pure relaxation and enjoyment.
And that goes for all generations.
Whilst some people sprawled out on blankets placed on top of the white sand around the beach bar, which had been carted in especially, others indulged in a glass of wine in the wine store, and the kids went crazy on the bouncy castle, which was a huge attraction for the little guests.
However, even the children's face painting kept the volunteers' hands full, in the strictest meaning of the word, as the children rushed to become men, and conjure up fanciful creations on their small faces.
The more grown up ones played on the football table or took part in a skateboard workshop, which the Goodfoot-Crew from Salzwedel had organized.
And then the rain came.
Shortly before 5:30 PM the rain pelted down onto the visitors; and families did a runner in search of somewhere dry.
Despite this, the festival's attractions did not get called off.
"More people than expected came", Rom Sem said, who called the event a "success all round".
As such, nothing is going to stop them from repeating the big party next year.
Even though more has to be done in terms of the size and content of the event, the first balance sheet done on Sunday made the voice of the people crystal clear for Sem.
He said that one annoying thing was that they had to stop allowing entry into the event temporarily.
Apparently not enough security guards had been booked with the security company.
The consequence: Some people who had already paid could no longer get into the grounds.
Feedback has been very good.
In a preliminary and cautious estimation, the Salzwedel co-organizer estimated that around 1200 visitors attended the castle garden.
There were problems with the sound engineering.
The hip hop band from Salzwedel, Blocks 'n' Rox, abandoned their performance somewhat unnerved by these problems.
The engineers could not get a half-decent sound out of it.
A shisha lounge had been planned but could not be built because the tents could not be delivered to Salzwedel due to a puncture.
The organizer insisted that "they will, however, be there next year".
The premier of the Amula-Open-Airs was more than a success in terms of the number of visitors.
And that was with bad weather.
Nevertheless, the organizers have made some mistakes, which will be excused as it was their first time, but which have to be avoided next time round.
The event organizers also had to accept criticism on the social networking site Facebook.
"Sorry, but for twelve euros, I really expected more", Melanie Meier commented on the event's page.
"Unfortunately, you bit off more than you could chew", according to Ele Zimmermann on the same page.
For others, the teething problems were not such a big issue.
I think it is really good that some people are not just standing around talking rubbish, but are actually making a real effort to get something up and running.
Hats off!", Stephanie Jenß wrote about Amula.
Now the organizers have a year's time to address these criticisms.
New radar dome in Berkum: Wachtberg's landmark dwindles
And not as one would expect.
In fact, the structural element, which is ready, is waiting to be installed onto the structure.
But this is just one of many things that need doing: Almost 50 years after the construction of the space observation radar TIRA, the case, known as the radar dome, is to be completely rebuilt.
With a diameter of 47.5 meters, the new radar dome will be somewhat smaller than the old one.
That said, the size will still be a world record.
The final phase in completing the new case is to change the cap
The top quarter of the old case will be separated and lifted by a crane.
After that, the last quarter of the new case will be put in place.
As long as the weather is on their side, this should take place at the start of this week.
Ice Bucket Challenge participant dislocates her jaw
Isabelle Roberts from in the UK shouted so hard while freezing water was poured over her head that she damaged the bone structure of her face.
This Ice Bucket Challenge went painfully wrong.
A woman has been hospitalised after screaming so hard during the Ice Bucket Challenge, that she dislocated her jaw.
Isabelle Roberts shouted so violently while freezing water was poured over her head that she damaged the structure of her face.
"The water was so cold so I screamed, but as I did it my jaw just started to stick," she told The Mirror.
Ice water is poured over the 20-year-old's.
Isabelle Roberts moments before the accident
I tried to close my mouth but it would not close, it was locked, and then I came to the realisation that something was up.
Then my mum and sister came to the realisation and they started wetting themselves, but I had to be rushed to A & E.
The 20-year-old, from the UK, was taken to hospital to have her jaw repositioned after taking part in the viral craze on Tuesday.
The clip has become an internet sensation, having been shared thousands of times on Facebook and twitter.
Will the Burgvereine (castle clubs) get back together again?
Recently there have been a lot of disputes between both of the castle groups in Wolfratshausen.
The boardroom is now contemplating the possibility of working together.
As an example for the reconstruction of the castle in Wolfratshausen, the deceased Richard Dimbath, the former chairmen of Wolfratshauser Burgfreunde (Wolfratshausen castle friends), led the project in the French Guédelon.
Up until a year ago, there was a good atmosphere among the castle club and the castle friends group in Wolfratshausen.
Their points of view are now markedly different with regard to how the history of Wolfratshausen castle and the possible reconstruction of it should be handled.
Now the two are coming together: There should soon be talks about a joint venture.
Torsten Sjöberg (castle club) and Herbert Piffl (castle friends), both members of the board, confirmed this in answer to our newspaper's query.
"I have rung Mr Piffl and suggested that we get together", Sjöberg reported.
In his opinion, all members of each club could come together again in the future.
This would enable quicker and more visible success to be achieved.
Whereas the castle friends, and the recently deceased Richard Dimbath right up until the bitter end, had their eyes on reconstructing the castle in the mountain forest, the castle club, with Sjöberg, want to "develop and bring the premises to life" in its original place.
Herbert Piffl, the deputy chairman of castle friends, said himself that he was very pleased about the call.
He has been presiding over castle friends since the death of Dimbath.
A new chairperson will be found mid September during a members' meeting.
At the moment, the club has around 40 members according to the 74 year old.
"After the death of my friend, Richard Dimbath, we adjourned the club's activities initially out of respect". This "period of thought" has been necessary to "think about how it can proceed".
According to Piffl, the new chairperson will then enter into discussions with the castle club.
Until then, the castle friends can get on with the current atmospheric picture within their group.
Piffl said that, at the moment, they still do not have a candidate for the chair.
"However, I am confident that we will find someone". He himself does not want to stand for it because he lives in Bad Tölz.
The new chairperson should be in Wolfratshausen.
The man from Tölz would, however, "like to continue working with them" on the project.
The different points of view on the subject of reconstruction will continue to exist for some time in Piffl's eyes.
He acknowledges Dimbath as a "missionary", who always believed in the reconstruction of the castle.
Two similar projects, which are well under way in Austria and France, show that this idea is no easy task.
But with a high number of participants among the population, as well as some volunteers from all over the world, it will become a tourist magnet.
Piffl: "Even I was skeptical at first.
However, with time, I have become more and more convinced that it makes sense to press ahead with the project". It could create a "unique characteristic" for the city of raftsmen.
Otherwise, there is nothing here.
In addition, the project would be financed by EU grants, visitor tickets and potential sponsors, Piffl believes.
"The idea of reconstruction is, therefore, something that I personally do not want to simply abandon. He hopes that the castle club will move towards this idea somewhat.
Their aim to first of all document the history "is important and good".
Then, we will see.
Smart ways to save on college textbooks
With the cost of college textbooks surpassing $1,000 a year for many students, soon-to-be sophomore Matt Schroeder came up with a smart way to trim costs.
He worked out a system of borrowing books from upperclassmen, offering nominal compensation to get them to delay selling them back.
"My calculus book that usually costs $180, I got for the semester for $10 and a Chick-fil-A biscuit," says Schroeder, 19, who attends Covenant College in Georgia.
Required texts for his last semester would have cost $430, he says.
He spent $120.
The College Board says the average student will spend more than $1,200 a year on textbooks and school supplies, but students have a variety of options for managing these costs.
Online outlets and creative approaches like Schroeder's are increasingly the go-to choices for students.
Renting textbooks is on the rise, allowing students to use a book for the semester, often at a significant discount to buying.
Neebo Inc, which operates more than 250 campus bookstores, says textbook rentals have doubled since 2011.
Industry research shows that about one-fourth of books at college bookstores in this past spring semester were rented, says Neebo Vice President Trevor Meyer.
Fewer than half of all texts are purchased at campus bookstores, according to the National Association of College Stores trade association.
Here is the 101 on the best ways to score a deal.
Buying online
Some new book prices can be one-third of what you might find at the campus bookstore if you go online.
The ninth edition of "Calculus" by Ron Larson, Bruce Edwards, and Robert Hostetler carries a list price of nearly $290 but can be purchased new for $239.99 at specialty textbook retailer Chegg.com.
Buying used
If you do not mind other people's notes or wear and tear, used texts are a good option.
"Calculus" is selling for $93.49 used on Chegg.com.
Matt Casaday, 25, a senior at Brigham Young University, says he had paid 42 cents on Amazon.com for a used copy of "Strategic Media Decisions: Understanding The Business End Of The Advertising Business."
The book was selling for $48 new.
Academics like Ingrid Bracey, director of the University of Massachusetts at Amherst's College Without Walls, suggest students check with their professors to see if previous editions are acceptable.
Sometimes the updates are not relevant to the classwork.
If so, old editions can often be found for a tiny fraction of the cost of the latest version.
Besides Chegg and Amazon, eBay Inc's Half.com is a popular alternative for used books.
Renting
Renting your textbooks is worth considering if you take reasonable care of them, you remember to return them and you do not care to own them after you complete the class.
You can save more than 80 per cent of the cost of buying a book new.
For example, a student could rent "Calculus" for the length of the semester for about $20.
Know the rules of the store you rent from, including any penalties you could be assessed for taking notes, highlighting, or wear and tear.
Renter, beware: If you fail to return the book, penalties can actually exceed the cost of buying it new.
E-books
Getting e-books instead of traditional texts is another option.
Sometimes those books are essentially rented by providing the electronic license for a specific period from distributors such as Amazon.com, Chegg and Barnes & Noble Inc .
Chegg will rent "Calculus" for six months for about $61.
Bracey says students in literature classes can often find the best bargains since many classics are now available to download for free, while science and engineering texts can be extremely expensive.
No matter what, shop around.
Joe Gault, 29, who is about to enter Pepperdine Law School, recommends using the ISBN number to price books since it ensures you are shopping for the right text.
Before ordering online, Gault says, be sure to check if the book is actually in stock.
He learned that lesson the hard way.
A book he purchased was back-ordered for four weeks, and he ended up paying full price at the college bookstore.
Why the Guardians of the Galaxy couldn't save the box office
Sylvester Stallone's The Expendables 3 has made back less than $30 million of its $90 million budget in the US, while Sin City: A Dame to Kill For has made back only $12 million of its $70 million budget.
The Cameron Diaz vehicle Sex Tape took only $14.6 million in its opening weekend, while children's films such as How To Train Your Dragon 2 are also showing disappointing box office returns.
An article from Telegraph film critic Robbie Collin indicates that, when it comes to children's movies, the poor quality of the films themselves might be to blame.
Collin called 2014 the "the worst" year yet for children's films, and described How To Train Your Dragon 2 as a merely "functional" fantasy sequel.
But when it comes to film pitched at a slightly older market, it appears that the issue might not necessarily lie with the quality of the films themselves.
In July, Entertainment Weekly compared the average CinemaScore and Metacritic ratings for every summer release playing on at least 2,000 screens between May's Memorial Day holiday and July 20, for 2013 and for this year.
The results, which take the opinion of both cinema audiences and film critics into account, suggest that this year's crop of films are of similar calibre last year's hits.
Some commentators have suggested that changing viewing habits and the increased popularity of web streaming services such as Netflix may be to blame.
Director Jon Favreau, who is currently working on Disney's forthcoming Jungle Book film, told the website Hollywood Reporter: "I think times are changing."
We have to acknowledge that and not try to chase what used to be.
In contrast to Hollywood's current box office slump, Netflix recently saw revenue from its streaming content service reach $1.2bn, almost doubling last year's figure of $837m.
Last summer, director Steven Spielberg criticised studios for relying too much on comic book franchises, and predicted a Hollywood "meltdown."
In light of the current downturn, some commentators are arguing that his dire prophecy may have held some truth to it.
With summer 2015 set to usher in a slate of potential big box office hits, including Avengers: Age of Ultron, Minions and Jurassic World, other figures within the film industry are feeling more optimistic.
X-Men producer Simon Kinberg recently described the drop in box office takings as simply "cyclical," telling Hollywood Reporter: "Next summer will be the biggest box-office summer in history, and nobody will be worrying about the business."
A few years ago, when the second table tennis regional division was canceled in an attempt to streamline the leagues, a step in the right directions was taken.
Now, the German table tennis association has introduced an additional, third league into the program.
The consequence: Any team that has not been promoted, has been demoted.
For example, Göttingen's top class team, Torpedo, avoided demotion in the premier league relegation, but will now play in the fifth division as of next season.
The Torpedo's women's team remain in the fourth division despite their superb clean-sweep in the Regionalliga.
The Torpedo boys and girls are starting in the Lower Saxony liga, just like the lads from SC Weende.
The SG Lenglern and Torpedo reserves are stepping up into the new Verbandsliga, but there are no longer any clubs from Göttingern in the Landesliga.
For the women, TTV Geismar does play in the Verbandsliga, and the Torpedo's second team plays in the Landesliga.
From a structural point of view, this seems to be a better regional division, when in fact, it is just the new Southern Regional Premier League.
Stepping up into this are: TSV Seulingen, VfB Lödingsen, Torpedo III, Geismar, Einbeck, Hammenstedt, Bovender SV, Langenholtensen, FC Weser and TTC.
Dransfeld and SC Weende represent the area in the regional league, whereas TTC II, Rot-Weiß, Bovender SV II and TTV Geismar II and III represent the area in the regional division. The Regional Premier League for women is at least kicking off with a good start.
Güntersen, TTC and TTV Geismar II are all here as part of the party.
In the regional league, Torpedo III and Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen are taking to the field.
With each of the nine teams
SC Weende sends a girl into the small regional league.
Even the regional league's relay team for SCW boys, which is where Torpedo II is also starting, is not complete.
As for the regional division, Geismar, Tuspo Weende and Bovender SV are heading into their season.
In the first season of the newly-founded regional association, both district divisions from Göttingen are starting out with each of the nine teams.
As for the West relay team; that is made up of Rot-Weiß II, Bovender SV III, Laubach II, Torpedo IV and V, MTV Grone, Dransfelder SC II, Mielenhausen and SG Lenglern II.
Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen, Nikolausberg and Landolfshausen are some of the teams making up the East relay team.
The women's district division is made up of Sattenhausen/Wöllmarshausen II, Bilshausen, Hemeln, Seulingen II, Tuspo Weende and SG Rhume.
That is much better than the district of Osterode, where there are no longer any female teams at a district level.
It is remarkable that none of the six second division teams in the district achieved their potential. The innovative and bustling district committee are going to have to come up with something.
Nato summit: First protests in Newport and Cardiff
There have been protests over the weekend by those opposed to the Nato summit in Newport.
On Saturday, hundreds gathered in Newport city centre for an anti-Nato march.
And on Sunday in Cardiff, around 150 people came together at Cardiff's county hall for what was described as a counter-summit.
Stephen Fairclough has been following developments for us over the weekend and has spoken to protesters who have travelled from Bridgend to Belgium.
Teens airlifted from Blue Mountains
TWO teenage bushwalkers have been winched to safety after spending the night stranded in the NSW Blue Mountains.
THE 16-year-old girl and 18-year-old man went hiking just after midday on Sunday at Govetts Leap in Blackheath.
Concerned relatives called police about 8pm when they hadn't returned home.
A search party involving local police and rescue squad was sent out and the pair were found about 11pm near Bridal Veil Falls.
The girl had injured her knee and the man had fallen and hit his head.
Officers remained with the pair overnight and they were winched out on Monday morning.
They were taken by ambulance in a stable condition to Blue Mountains Hospital.
Anti-government protests escalate in Pakistan
Around 1000 protesters have been forced out of the PTV buildings by soldiers, according to the Minister of Information, Pervaiz Rashid.
After a good half an hour or so, the station began broadcasting again.
The director of PTV, Athar Farooq, said that demonstrators armed with sticks had damaged equipment in the editorial offices.
There was no mentioned of the number of people killed or injured.
The demonstrators are demanding the resignation of the Head of Government, accusing him of vote rigging.
The police announced that on Monday, around one kilometer away from the residence of the Prime Minister, Nawaz Sharif, approximately 3000 demonstrators clashed with security forces.
According to statements released by the hospital, a police officer was injured.
At least three people were killed and more than 500 injured at the weekend when demonstrators attempted to gain access to Sharif's residence.
They are demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister.
Following a meeting in the army's headquarters on Sunday evening, the powerful military called for a political solution to the conflict, stating there was "no time to waste or a need to use violence".
The statement also announced that: "The army remains bound by its duty to ensure the safety of the State".
The escalating violence stirred up concern that the military may have to intervene, a military that has already revolted on many occasions in the past.
The above protests, led by Imran Khan, an opposition politician, and Tahirul Qadri, a preacher, have been ongoing since independence day on 14 August.
Sharif is refusing to step down.
On Sunday Khan and Qadri called upon their supporters to persevere.
"We will not leave until we have forced Sharif to resign", Khan said.
Qadri made similar comments:
Khan accuses Sharif of having fraudulently won the parliamentary vote last May.
Qadri is demanding the resignation of both the central and provincial governments.
A provisional government should then reform the voting system, and call new elections.
More than 40,000 members of the security forces have been deployed to protect the government district.
At first, the demonstrators led a peaceful protest in front of the parliament building. Then, at the weekend, Khan and Qadri called upon them to force entry into Sharif's residence.
After its second win of the season, Hütteldorf is in third place on the table.
A bitter week came to an end for Rapid on Sunday with a 2:0 win over Grödig.
Coach Zoran Barisic, whose team reached an interim low at the end of the Europa League on Thursday, said that "the victory is very liberating".
The captain and goalkeeper, Steffen Hofmann, who climbed up to third place with Grün-Weiß, confirmed that "the sense of achievement was extremely important".
Schrammel's dream goal has led Rapid on to a road to victory. Two winning seasons show that Rapid have reacted in the right way to the disappointment experienced against Helsinki, and they reach the end of the international season with heightened morale.
"We wanted to show a positive reaction", the defender Thomas Schrammel said, whose magnificent and skillful corner in the 14th minute set them on a winning course.
"I thought I'd build up all of the frustration from Thursday, and smashed it into the top of the net", the 26-year old said smiling.
13th of November 2010 was, until now, the last time that Schrammel had scored in a team from the Bundesliga, and that was with Ried.
His first championships goal at Rapid-Dress will, therefore, always be a special memory for him.
"That is something quite special for me, I am Rapid offspring", Schrammel said.
Due to Mario Pavelic's recent pelvis injury, Schrammel moved from playing left back to right back, where he also did a very good job.
He had enough experience to be able to play in the mirrored position.
He deserved the goal, Barisic stated. He has already achieved some assists this year.
The team shows character. Schrammel also crossed the ball over to Hofmann after the first hour, which led to the decisive 2:0 victory.
But before that, even the fans could have kept the score.
"Thank God we had some luck today", Schrammel noted, alluding to the gap between the efforts made and results achieved in the past weeks: "The results were not justified, but the games were always better when compared to last year".
Barisic even decided that the team had previously played "better in other games than today", and against "the strongest team to play in the stadium this season".
These are the first three points since 26th July, and therefore prove that the structure of the team is intact despite the setbacks: "Today, my team has shown that they have character".
For him, what is just as pleasing is: "The fact that we have finally played to a clean sheet again".
A lot of work was done during the internal football break. The unfortunate circumstances that led to the absence of Brian Behrendt, Mario Pavelic, Christopher Dibon, Deni Alar and Michael Schimpelsberger, as well as the fact that Srdjan Grahovac, Stefan Stangl and Philipp Schobesberger joined the first team, is what makes this success all the more valuable.
"We must not forget that", Barisic said, who has lost players in the last three days, including Behrendt and Pavelic, "who recently were very stable".
The international football break therefore has to be used "to lick wounds and to improve physically a bit", Barisic explained, who has five under 21s in his ranks.
For one of whom, captain Hofmann, the break came in particularly useful.
He bends over backwards for the team, ignoring any pain.
Especially during these difficult times, he showed that he is a very important player for us", Barisic stated.
Before being substituted in the 68th minute, Hofmann not only gave structure to Rapid's game, but also scored the second goal.
For the 33-year old, who played his 350th game in the Bundesliga, it was his first goal since November 2, 2013 (4:2 against Admira).
Hofmann: "We must not think that all is now well". "I am sure we had a bit of luck on our side, but, at some point, that luck had to come back to us.
It was high time", Hofmann said.
Of course, he spoke about focused and continued work: "You don't have to always see things black and white.
We haven't been playing as badly in recent weeks as it has been made out to be.
However, we mustn't think that all is now well.
His importance to the team is something that he could not deny.
After all, it is a very young team, which, I am able to help at the moment.
They hold on to me in certain phases", Hofmann said.
Grödig's coach, Michael Baur and his team have little to blame themselves for.
He is sorry about the quick counter goal, describing it as "a kind of magic goal", as well as the normal goal scored by Nutz in the 40th minute, which was wrongfully denied by the referee, Kollegger.
The only criticism I can make about the team is that we were sometimes not precise enough upfield.
Because we had far to few goals.
Center back, Maximilian Karner thought the same: "It started off badly, but we then found our feet, and even scored a goal.
All in all, we could have had more.
Silence prevails beneath this treetop
Last Friday, when giving out the puzzle on the summer series "My piece of Rhön happiness", we showed a mighty tree trunk.
There are still several of these giant trees in the region; the example shown is the "Geissruheiche", an oak tree, which stands above the village of Unterweissenbrunn.
A rocky footpath leads up to the somewhat 600 year old oak tree.
You walk past enclosures, basalt cairns and a sea of stones.
The tree is located just below the Bauersberg's stone quarry, one kilometer north of the street to Weisbach.
The natural monument looks energetic; it towers above the other trees in the area, and, being more than eight meters in size, it reminds you of an American giant Sequoia.
A small Buddha on top of a tree stub indicates that this is a spiritual or mystic place.
Despite intensive research, there are only clues to the origins of the name.
Dr Wolfgang Schneider has, once again, consulted the Bischofsheim Archives, and asked elderly people from Unterweissenbrunn in order to find out what it has to do with the Geissruheiche.
The results of his investigation revealed a less colorful explanation of the name.
According to his research, up to around 80 years ago, the goat herders are said to have led their animals out of Unterweissenbrunn along the arduous, cleared and stoneless meadows.
The herdsmen, exhausted after the ascent, rested at the foot of the tree.
Since then, the area has won back its significance, because herds of goats, once again grazing the meadows.
In addition, Schneider also discovered that the region has been declared the core area in the biosphere reserve.
One should exercise caution when treading over the mass of stone because the sun-warmed basalt is also a popular whereabouts for the European viper.
A hiking trail leads from Unterweissenbrunn up to the tree, but it is somewhat hidden.
Further trails are signposted, which lead up towards Hochrhön and offer an extensive hike.
Where is the moated castle?
A moated castle, which we looked for as part of our next challenge, is, of course, rather hard to find way up high.
The reflection in the moat already provides a good impression of the structure, but we do have some historical buildings in the district, and the building portrait may just be a good example of this.
Where is our "piece of Rhön happiness"?
My piece of Rhön happiness
As with the other Main-Post series over the years, there are prizes to be won again this year if you guess the correct answer.
If you like to take photos, why not join in.
Using "Stück vom Rhöner Glück" as the subject, send us your answer and your own personal "piece of Rhön happiness" to: red.neustadt@mainpost.de.
The nicest photos will be published.
After weeks of verbal wrangling Italy's Premier - and sitting EU-Chairman - Matteo Renzi, has managed to push through his nomination of his foreign minister, Federica Mogherini, as head of EU- Foreign Policy, despite strong conservative opposition at the special EU summit. She will be the successor of the Britain, Catherine Ashton.
Renzi observes how the government-friendly daily newspaper, La Repubblica, describes the appointment of Mogherini, who was also seen as the favourite by the government, as a strengthening of the position of the Social Democrats and of his own position in the EU.
He expects it to provide a boost for his "Reform Package" in Italy.
Renzi hopes, not least, to be able to thus quieten the left-wing party basis which is always stirring against him, for Mogherini is considered to be one of their group - albeit one of the more moderate.
In opposition to the conservative representatives, Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and the Pole Donald Tusk, who was named as Council President, were voted in, so the prevailing opinion in Rome, in order to achieve a political balance.
For the Chief Diplomat of the EU will also serve as the Deputy to Commission President Juncker.
The agreement of the EU-Parliament is considered to be safely secured.
If this were not the case, then State President Giorgio Napolitano would hardly have called the nomination of the 41 year-old politician from the ruling Democratic Party (PD) "an important recognition" of the role of Italy in the EU.
La Repubblica is optimistic that Mogherini, who has held high office over two decades in different governments, and who is known for her ambition, will be able to meet the "enormous challenges".
The woman, who was born in Rome, is married and has two daughters.
The qualified doctor of political science began her party career in 1996 in the youth organization of the former Democratici di Sinistra (left wing democrats), which merged with the catholic centre party, Margherita, in 2008, to form today's social democratic party (PD).
In 1999 Mogherini became Vice President for three years of the European Community Organization of Socialist Youth.
The election of 2001 saw her take high office with a place on the council of the Left Wing Democrats, working in the foreign policy department and then becoming its head.
She was responsible for traditional cornerstones of Italian foreign policy such as the Middle East; became known for her preparatory work to the operation of NATO in Afghanistan, in which Italy has a participating contingent; and she promoted relations with the Social Democrats in Europe and with the Democrats in the USA.
Since 2008 she has been a member of the Chamber of Deputies, in which she serves as an expert on Defence and European and International Affairs.
When Renzi became Premier in February 2014, he appointed Mogherini as his Foreign Minister.
If the PD today enjoys a better relationship with the strong freedom movement in the country, which contributed to the more than 40 percent votes for the Party in the EU elections, then it was Federica Mogherini who played a leading role in that, as is strongly believed in PD circles.
The claims in Brussels that the new EU-Foreign Minister has too little diplomatic experience and therefore lacks clout, is rebutted by the PD.
In Brussels, the realistic stance taken by Logherini in the Ukrainian crisis have been attacked and denigrated, particularly by the Polish members and those representing the Baltic States.
She is a supporter of Pipeline South Stream, run by the Russian firm Gasprom, through which Russian natural gas is to be transported directly to southern Europe, by-passing Ukraine. This will also make Italy's own energy secure.
After Renzi had assumed his position as EU-Chairman in July, Mogherini embarked on her first state visit to Moscow.
Photos showing her shaking hands with Putin were received in Brussels with indignation, as was the fact that she invited the Kremlin chief to an economic summit in Milan in October.
A total of nine people began their training course on Monday, at emz-Hanauer in Nabburg.
They include a trainee, who had already completed another course in the same company.
The new trainee employees will receive training for four future job areas: Electronics engineers (three trainees); mechatronics engineers or technicians (two); tool mechanics (two) and process engineers (two).
All the trainees come from the county of Schwandorf: Tobias Braun and Thomas Bücherl from Schwarzach, Stefan Brickl and Florian Rewitzer from Schmidgaden, Johannes Beer from Neunburg vorm Wald, Felix Domaier from Oberviechtach, Daniel Sorgenfrei and Sebastian Zahner from Pfreimd, as well as Ferdinand Strebl from Teunz.
The new trainees had previously attended middle and junior high schools.
From Wednesday until Friday, the trainees of all the various ages were going to a Team Building event in Oberammergau, which included among other things an all-day hike and rafting on the Inn River.
The company has 435 employees throughout Germany and 950 worldwide.
The number of trainees across all age-groups totals 27.
France's Socialists should 'shut up and sort France out', Francois Hollande's key ally says
Mr Valls called on the deeply divided Left to "show its affection" for the embattled Socialist president, whose reshuffle has failed to meet the approval of the vast majority of French.
The president deserves everyone's respect, he deserves our loyality, he deserves our support.
"It is our duty to remain at his sides," he said, to applause.
As a placatory gesture, the prime minister insisted his government would not call into question France's controversial 35-hour working week, despite inflammatory suggestions it should relax the rules earlier in the week by Emmanuel Macron, the new economy minister.
On Saturday, Mr Hollande had implored his fellow Socialists to remain "united" with the government.
But Christiane Taubira, the justice minister, put a spanner in the works by turning up to a meeting of rebel Socialist MPs and criticising the Socialist Party for letting the French "lose faith in their future."
Marine Le Pen, the far-Right National Front leader, heaped scorn on the Socialists' constant in-fighting by saying she did not see the new Valls government lasting more than just a few months.
Francois Hollande the Emperor has no clothes, but neither has Prince Manuel Valls, forced to put together a new government when the previous one didn't even survive the summer.
"And the new one won't survive the fall or the winter either," Miss Le Pen told supporters.
She reiterated her party's call for a parliamentary dissolution, saying she was confident it could win early elections and stood ready to govern.
France's ruling party suffered a drubbing in March municipal elections and the far-right National Front came out on top in EU elections in May.
A poll in Sunday's Journal du Dimanche found 76 per cent of French believe the Socialist Party risks breaking up into several rival factions before the end of Mr Hollande's presidential term in 2017.
Pascal Perrineau, a political scientist at Sciences Po university, warned the French would fast lose patience unless the new Socialist government succeeds in improving the economy and record unemployment.
"It has a small window of opportunity, but public opinion needs to quickly feel things are changing," he warned.
Otherwise, the situation could further degenerate.
Norwegian Cruise nears $3 billion Prestige Cruises deal
Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd NCHL.O, the world's third largest cruise operator, is in advanced talks to acquire peer Prestige Cruises International Inc for around $3 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.
A deal would give Norwegian Cruise, a company with a market value of $6.8 billion, access to Prestige Cruises' luxury cruise ships and affluent clientele as it competes with bigger rivals Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL.N) and Carnival Corp (CCL.N).
An agreement may be announced as early as this week, the sources said on Sunday, cautioning that the talks could still fall apart.
The owner of Prestige Cruises, private equity firm Apollo Global Management LLC (APO.N), also owns a 20 percent stake in Norwegian Cruise.
The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are not public.
Norwegian Cruise and Prestige Cruises representatives did not respond to requests for comment, while an Apollo spokesman declined to comment.
Miami-based Norwegian Cruise operates 13 cruise ships in routes spanning North America, the Mediterranean, the Baltic, Central America and the Caribbean.
It had revenues of $2.57 billion in 2013, up 13 percent from 2012.
Prestige Cruises, also based in Miami, operates under the Oceania and Regent brands, which together have eight cruise ships traveling to Scandinavia, Russia, the Mediterranean, North America, Asia, Africa and South America.
It posted revenues of $1.2 billion in 2013, up 6 percent from the year earlier.
The $29 billion cruise industry is expected to benefit in the coming years from the rise of the middle class in emerging economies such as China and India.
Companies are racing to position themselves as the cruise operators of choice for these new customers.
Prestige Cruises registered with U.S. regulators for an initial public offering in January 2014.
Apollo has been the company's majority shareholder following an $850 million deal in 2007.
Norwegian Cruise was created in its current form in 2000 through a merger with a cruise operator owned by Genting Bhd (GENT.KL), the leisure and casino conglomerate controlled by Malaysian billionaire Lim Kok Thay.
Apollo made a $1 billion investment in Norwegian Cruise in 2008.
Norwegian Cruise went public in January 2013.
Genting had a 28 percent stake, Apollo had a 20 percent stake and private equity firm TPG Capital LP had an 8 percent stake in the company as of the end of June, according to a regulatory filing.
Carnival, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise together account for 82 percent of the North American cruise passenger berth capacity, according to Prestige Cruises' initial public offering registration document.
Hong Kong pro-democracy activists heckle China official day after vote ruling
A group of Beijing loyalists stood nearby waving China's flag.
The NPC Standing Committee on Sunday endorsed a framework to let only two or three candidates run in Hong Kong's 2017 leadership vote.
All candidates must first obtain majority backing from a nominating committee likely to be stacked with Beijing loyalists.
The decision makes it almost impossible for opposition democrats to get on the ballot prompted pro-democracy activists to renew their vow to bring Hong Kong's financial hub to a halt with "Occupy Central" protests.
Political reform has been a major source of tension in Hong Kong, with China party leaders fearful of calls for democracy spreading to other cities.
Following the publication by Beijing of a white paper outlining China's authority over Hong Kong in June, democracy activists held an unofficial referendum on voting in the special administrative region, and hundreds of thousands marched to the city's business district and staged a sit-in.
Li's briefing is being organized by the Hong Kong government and China's Liaison Office in Hong Kong.
The vice chairman of the Standing Committee's Legislative Affairs Commission, Zhang Rongshun, and the Deputy Director of the State Council's Hong Kong and Macau Affairs Office, Feng Wei, were also due to speak in a series of briefings throughout the day.
Student activists said they would gather outside of the Hong Kong chief executive's office in the afternoon.
Britain made no mention of democracy for Hong Kong until the dying days of about 150 years of colonial rule.
Putin demands Kiev open 'statehood' talks with eastern Ukraine
Russian President Vladimir Putin demanded Sunday that the Ukrainian government cease battling separatists in the country's east and immediately begin negotiations on the breakaway region's "statehood," according to Russian news accounts of his remarks.
His spokesman, Dmitry Peskov, later clarified that Putin didn't mean to imply that the eastern Ukrainian territory under separatist control would become part of Russia, but that its status within Ukraine had to be revised to give the Russian-speaking region the power to protect its rights and interests.
But Putin's call upon the Kiev government to negotiate with the pro-Russia insurgents as equals corresponded with the apparent strategy he has followed since the violence began five months ago: Help the separatists take territory and force the Ukrainian government to grant the newly proclaimed Novorossiya region virtual independence to align with Russia instead of the West.
In an interview with state-run Channel One television, Putin denounced the Ukrainian military campaign to recover separatist-held territory in the eastern Donetsk and Luhansk regions that were seized in March and April, after Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimean peninsula on March 18.
The Kremlin and the separatists have lately branded the seized territory "Novorossiya," or "New Russia," a term that harkens to pre-revolutionary glory days of the Russian empire.
Putin said that anyone who believed peace talks are in the offing as Ukrainian politicians launch campaigns for an Oct. 26 parliamentary election and while government troops are attacking civilian communities in separatist-held regions is "a prisoner to illusions," Itar-Tass reported.
"We must immediately commence substantive talks and not only on technical issues, but also on the political organization of society and the statehood status of southeast Ukraine in order to serve the interests of people living there," he said.
Peskov said Putin's reference to statehood was meant in the context of the broader autonomy that has been discussed for months with the Kiev leadership as it struggles to allay fears in the Russian-speaking areas that their cultural and linguistic rights are in danger.
Only the Ukrainian government can grant the eastern regions the necessary autonomy, Peskov said.
It's not a matter to be negotiated between Ukraine and Russia, Peskov said, "because it's not a conflict between Russia and Ukraine, but an internal Ukrainian conflict."
The Kremlin spokesman's intercession to correct the "misinterpretation" of Putin's remarks underscored the Russian leadership's approach to dealing with the separatist rebellion in the east differently from its outright seizure of Crimea, where the majority of the 2 million population is ethnic Russian.
Moscow would have a much more difficult fight to annex even the Donetsk and Luhansk regions of eastern Ukraine, as most of the 6.5 million residents are not Russian and pre-conflict polls showed broad support for staying within Ukraine.
The autonomy that Russian diplomats have discussed in international forums would grant regional governments in Ukraine the authority to determine their own trade agreements and foreign relations, effectively handing the Kremlin de facto control over territory that would link the Russian mainland with Crimea.
The Black Sea peninsula annexed five months ago is home to Russia's main naval fleet as well as commercial maritime facilities and historic coastal resorts.
The regions between Russia's Rostov area and Crimea are also home to mines, factories and foundries that produce vital components for the Russian military.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko proposed during his inauguration speech on June 7 that Ukrainian lawmakers - after new elections -- weigh constitutional amendments to give more control to the disparate regions over their finances and the status of languages.
But his vision of autonomy appears to differ sharply from that of the Kremlin and the separatist rebels Moscow is accused of arming and instigating.
Putin's latest call on Kiev to deal with the separatist leaders as equals followed new advances by the rebels last week after Russian troops and tanks entered eastern Ukraine from a previously peaceful area along the Sea of Azov.
The Russian-backed separatists took control of the town of Novoazovsk in a drive that Ukrainian security officials say they fear is the opening of a campaign to seize the strategic coastal territory all the way to Crimea.
That has spurred a massive civilian and military effort to fortify Mariupol, a steelmaking port of 500,000 that lies between Novoazovsk and the narrow gateway into the Crimean peninsula.
Poroshenko on Saturday addressed a meeting of European Union leaders in Brussels to urge action to prevent further Russian aggression against Ukraine, a former Soviet republic that has been independent for 23 years.
"We are close to the point of no return," Poroshenko warned.
Thousands of foreign troops and hundreds of foreign tanks are now on the territory of Ukraine.
The EU summit took no definitive action; the leaders called for drafting more punishing sanctions on Russia to be imposed in the event of an unspecified escalation of the Ukraine crisis.
Ukrainian soldiers had to withdraw from their positions in Ilovaysk after two columns of Russian armor and 1,000 troops last week moved into the Donetsk region to bolster the beleaguered separatists, Col. Andriy Lysenko, spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council, told reporters in Kiev on Saturday.
The first of a reported 63 Ukrainian soldiers who were trapped in Ilovaysk by the Russian incursion were swapped Sunday for 10 Russian paratroopers captured inside Ukrainian territory a week ago, Lysenko said Sunday.
Nude photo scandal embroils Australian celebrities and Gabi Grecko
Geoffrey Edelsten has vented his disgust at hackers who may have stolen nude images of fiancee Gabi Grecko and a who's who of Hollywood A-listers.
Tinseltown is reeling after a series of explicit photos showing a nude Jennifer Lawrence hit the internet in a major celebrity hacking scandal.
The hacker responsible is said to have 60 nude photos of Hunger Games star Lawrence and superstars including models Kate Upton and Cara Delevingne, singers Rihanna, Ariana Grande and Lea Michelle and actors Kirsten Dunst.
Australian actors Teresa Palmer, Emily Browning, Yvonne Strahovski, and Melbourne-based Grecko also had personal pictures allegedly retrieved due to an iCloud leak.
There are 101 celebrity names on the list.
Edelsten, who proposed to Grecko last month, told Confidential: "It's disgusting".
All private correspondence and images should remain private.
It's disgraceful that personal information can be stolen and dispersed to others.
Grecko, who is in New York, reportedly told a news website the hacking was "shameful" and those targeted would "feel violated."
The hacker is believed to have 30 images of Palmer with ex-boyfriend Scott Speedman, including two frames where she is lounging topless in a pool.
Palmer's film credits include Love And Honor, opposite Liam Hemsworth.
Palmer, Chuck star Strahovski and Sucker Punch actress Browning yesterday had no comment on the hacked pictures.
A representative for Lawrence told TMZ: "This is a flagrant violation of privacy."
Actor Seth Rogen lashed out at the hacker, tweeting: "Posting pics hacked from a cell phone is really no different than selling stolen merchandise."
Just legally speaking, it shouldn't be tolerated to report stolen pics.
Cyclists, joggers and walkers took part yesterday in the 8th Cycling Event on the Grosser Feldberg mountain, giving their support to 'Help for Children with Cancer'.
The Tour was a hard grind for some, while others treated it as a light training session.
However, everyone agreed on one thing: It was a lot of fun.
Thomas Studanski must have slept well last night.
For the very first time in his life the head of the Oberursel Brewery took his bike up the Feldberg.
And for a good cause.
He can put up with a little muscle stiffness, especially since his participation in the 8th Cycling Event on the Grosser Felberg was in aid of the 'Help for children with cancer' association, and gave him a valuable personal insight.
A great thing.
"I now know that I can do it - brilliant!"
You didn't happen to have a little break to milk the applause?
No, if I'd stopped, I'd never have been able to carry on...
Like Thomas Studanski, a member for the CDU in the Oberursel town council, many of the 718 participants struggled in the early mountain dew, coming close to exhaustion, but arriving happily on top of the summit plateau.
On the other hand, some others found it much easier to complete the full eleven kilometre route between Hohemark and Feldberg.
Norman Diessner, for example.
The Green Politician, wearing all red, from the municipal council - red clothes, red bike - looked to be taking it gently ("Quit some professionals here, so it's all about finishing!") - and then looked almost like a pro himself as he arrived at the end 45 minutes later without pausing for breath.
He was another one who did it all in one go, as did Nina Kuhn, press spokesperson for the Oberursel Council, who did the route along side Frank Grüneisen.
For both the triathletes the "Feldberg Cycling Event" was not necessarily a sporting challenge: "This one is about charity, and that's why we're glad to be here - we'd have gone out riding anyway today," Kuhn said.
Along the route they met up with Paul Wenzel from Oberreifenberg.
The boy (12) had driven down to Oberusel in the morning, only to immediately go back up again.
Florian Zierz from Frankfurt got himself into the saddle at 9 am; he "did" the Feldberg twice, before then wheeling back home.
Another one who enjoyed himself was "Fritten-Toni".
For the manager of the Oberursel cult kiosk, taking part in cycling events which go over the Feldberg is perfectly natural.
He took just 40 minutes to do the route with his 6.5-kilo racing bike.
A mad event.
For this cause I'm very glad to be here," commented Andreas Balzke.
The well-conditioned man from Mainz said he was an "ambitious racing cyclist."
And he must be, since he was riding a "Fixie-Bike" which is a bike without gears...
But it wasn't only cyclists who jaunted to the top - as was evidenced not only by the 20 walkers, who climbed up via the White Wall and the Fuchstanz, but also by a jogger who pulled behind him a tyre with weights attached to him by a rope.
Mountain Rescue doctor, Professor Volker Lischke, who was there with his team to provide safety, and who was equipped with a four-wheel Bully and Quad, said: "I know him from Frankfurt - he trains for a specialist sleigh trail - it's just that he pulls the sleigh himself." The man is, therefore, in a sense his own sleigh dog.
The 718 participants - which made them the greatest number ever - were sent off up the course in groups in the morning.
The walkers started at 9.30 am.
Then it was the turn of the cyclists and runners, who began at 10 am.
Five minutes later the first Mountain-bikers set off.
Bent Hansen, Chairman of the Association 'Cycling on the Grosser Feldberg' gave the starting orders and wished those taking part an enjoyable trip.
Next year, he hopes to have safety barriers on the course for the benefit of those taking part on the Feldberg.
Obama receives Netanyahu
The relationship between Obama and Netanyahu is not exactly friendly.
The two wanted to talk about the implementation of the international agreement and about Teheran's destabilising activities in the Middle East.
The meeting was also planned to cover the conflict with the Palestinians and the disputed two state solution.
Relations between Obama and Netanyahu have been strained for years.
Washington criticises the continuous building of settlements in Israel and accuses Netanyahu of a lack of initiative in the peace process.
The relationship between the two has further deteriorated because of the deal that Obama negotiated on Iran's atomic programme, .
In March, at the invitation of the Republicans, Netanyahu made a controversial speech to the US Congress, which was partly seen as an affront to Obama.
The speech had not been agreed with Obama, who had rejected a meeting with reference to the election that was at that time impending in Israel.
In 911 Call, Professor Admits to Shooting Girlfriend
In a 911 call, his voice only slightly shaky, college professor Shannon Lamb told police he had shot his girlfriend and officers needed to get over to their house.
Lamb made a point to say his "sweet dog" was there alive and probably upset, and said the dead woman's family contacts could be found on her phone.
Inside the home, officers found Amy Prentiss' body and a hand-written note scribbled on a white legal pad: "I am so very sorry I wish I could take it back I loved Amy and she is the only woman who ever loved me," read the letter authorities say was signed by Lamb.
There was no indication that Lamb, who was teaching two online classes for Delta State University in Cleveland, Mississippi, had already traveled 300 miles to the school's campus, where police believe he shot and killed a well-liked history professor, Ethan Schmidt, in the doorway to his office.
Delta State University police chief Lynn Buford said university officials heard about the shooting at 10:18 a.m.
He said Lamb made the fateful 911 call sometime after that.
By the end of the day, there would be one more death: Lamb took his own life as police closed in on him.
A day after the school shooting forced students and faculty to hide behind locked doors, authorities were still trying to piece together what motivated Lamb.
The details released by investigators at both ends of the state as well as students and staff who knew him helped paint a picture of a talented but possibly troubled teacher.
Students said they looked forward to his class.
Police in Gautier, where Prentiss died, said he had no history of violence or criminal record.
Schmidt himself had included Lamb in a book he wrote where he acknowledged the "wonderful people" he shared his academic life with.
Both taught in the Division of Social Sciences and History, which lists 17 faculty members, and many students took courses from both.
At the same time, there were some inclinations of problems.
A student who praised Lamb, Brandon Beavers, said he also seemed agitated and jittery, "like there was something wrong with him."
Another student, Mikel Sykes, said Lamb told him he was dealing with stress at the end of the 2014-15 academic year.
Lamb had earlier asked Delta State University for a medical leave of absence, saying he had a health issue of some sort.
This year, he was only teaching two online classes.
Recent changes in the university's hiring policies meant that the doctorate Lamb had worked so hard to earn would not guarantee him an automatic tenure track to become an assistant professor.
University President William LaForge said he didn't know of any conflict between Lamb and Schmidt but "obviously there was something in Mr. Lamb's mind."
Those are questions Lamb can no longer answer.
After fleeing the campus, police later picked up Lamb's trail when he crossed back into Mississippi from Arkansas.
Before he could be apprehended, Lamb killed himself with a single .38-caliber pistol in the backyard of a home about a mile south of his parents' home on the outskirts of Greenville, Mississippi, said Washington County Coroner Methel Johnson.
His car was still running in the driveway.
It was not immediately clear why Lamb went to that home, though Johnson said she believes he knew the people who lived there.
Lamb grew up in the area.
Lamb started working at the university, which has 3,500 students in a city of about 12,000, in 2009 and taught geography and education classes.
He received a doctorate in education in the spring.
One of Lamb's longtime friends described him as smart, charismatic and funny.
Carla Hairston said she was 15 and Lamb was 20 when they met through mutual friends.
She and her friends were in high school, and he was the cool older guy who tried for several years to teach her to play guitar.
He was quite the heartthrob back then.
All the girls would melt when he was around," said Hairston, now 40 and living in the Jackson suburb of Brandon.
Lamb and Prentiss had apparently been dating for some time.
In the 911 call, Lamb said "I killed my wife," but there was no record of them ever marrying.
They had a dog named Lightning that lived with them at the brick house that backs up to a bayou in Gautier.
Police said the dog was OK.
Prentiss' ex-husband, Shawn O'Steen, said they divorced 15 years ago but remained friends and had a daughter who's now 19.
"She was completely devastated," O'Steen said of his daughter.
She and her mother were absolutely best friends.
O'Steen said he had not met Lamb but heard through his daughter Abigail that Lamb was interested in music and played the blues.
Lamb met Prentiss when he and Abigail both performed at a summer fair three years ago.
Later, they played together in the occasional gig.
O'Steen said his daughter writes and sings her own music.
Prentiss was a nurse who worked for various companies online.
Mike Shaffer, a bartender and sometimes entertainment coordinator at The Julep Room, a dimly lit bar near Gautier, said he last saw Lamb and Prentiss the night of Sept. 5, after Lamb had finished playing his guitar and harmonica for a sparse crowd.
There was no sign of anything amiss.
"Just a happy couple," he said.
We were cutting up and throwing one-liners at each other.
I mean, they both had a good sense of wit about them.
Schmidt, the slain professor, directed the first-year seminar program and specialized in Native American and colonial history, said Don Allan Mitchell, an English professor at the school.
He was married and had three young children.
He studied at Emporia State University in Kansas and was president of his fraternity and student government.
On the Delta State campus in Cleveland on Tuesday night, about 900 people, including faculty members, staff, students, and members of the community, attended a candlelight memorial.
Schmidt's wife, Liz, and brother Jeff Schmidt also attended the vigil, during which the university choir sang "Bright Morning Star" and "Amazing Grace."
Classes resume Wednesday.
"We're trying to get our students to come back," LaForge said.
The crisis is over.
This is a day of healing.
Amy and Rogelio Solis reported from Cleveland, Mississippi.
Associated Press writers Emily Wagster Pettus in Greenville, Mississippi, and Rebecca Santana in New Orleans contributed to this report.
This story has been corrected to reflect that police are now saying Lamb made the 911 call after shooting Schmidt, and that while Lamb referred to Prentiss as his wife in the 911 call, there is no indication the two ever married.
Toys R Us Plans to Hire Fewer Holiday Season Workers
Toys R Us says it won't hire as many holiday season employees as it did last year, but the toy and baby products retailer says it will give current employees and seasonal workers a chance to work more hours.
The company said it plans to hire 40,000 people to work at stores and distribution centers around the country, down from the 45,000 hired for the 2014 holiday season.
Most of the jobs will be part-time.
The company said it will start interviewing applicants this month, with staff levels rising from October through December.
While the holidays themselves are months away, holiday shopping season is drawing closer and companies are preparing to hire temporary employees to help them staff stores and sell, ship and deliver products.
Michael J. Fox Jokes About His 'Date' With Princess Diana
The premiere of "Back to the Future" was a huge moment for Michael J. Fox professionally.
It was noteworthy because of personal reasons, too.
"We were sitting in the theater waiting for the royals to come in and I realize that the seat next to me is empty, and it dawns on me that Princess Diana is going to be sitting next to me," he said in a trailer for an upcoming documentary, "Back in Time."
The movie starts and it occurs to me that I'm a fake yawn and an arm stretch away from being on a date with the Princess of Wales.
"Back in Time," a documentary about "Back to the Future," features interviews with Fox, Lea Thompson, and Christopher Lloyd, as well as director Robert Zemeckis, and executive producer Steven Spielberg.
"Back for the Future" premiered 30 years ago.
"It really is for me," said Spielberg, "inarguably the greatest time travel movie ever put on film."
"Back in Time" will be available on VOD, DVD and in select movie theaters Oct.
UN Chief Says There Is No Military Solution in Syria
Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says his response to Russia's stepped up military support for Syria is that "there is no military solution" to the nearly five-year conflict and more weapons will only worsen the violence and misery for millions of people.
The U.N. chief again urged all parties, including the divided U.N. Security Council, to unite and support inclusive negotiations to find a political solution.
Ban told a news conference Wednesday that he plans to meet with foreign ministers of the five permanent council nations - the U.S., Russia, China, Britain and France - on the sidelines of the General Assembly's ministerial session later this month to discuss Syria.
He expressed regret that divisions in the council and among the Syrian people and regional powers "made this situation unsolvable."
Ban urged the five permanent members to show the solidarity and unity they did in achieving an Iran nuclear deal in addressing the Syria crisis.
8 Poll Numbers That Show Donald Trump Is For Real
Some have tried to label him a flip-flopper.
Others have dismissed him as a joke.
And some are holding out for an implosion.
But no matter how some Republicans are trying to drag Donald Trump down from atop the polls, it hasn't worked (yet).
Ten of the last 11 national polls have shown Donald Trump's lead at double digits, and some are starting to ask seriously what it means for the real estate mogul's nomination chances.
Of course, it's still early in the election cycle.
None of this is to say that Trump is likely to win the Republican nomination.
Pundits point out that at this time in 2011, Rick Perry's lead was giving way to a rising Herman Cain, neither of whom won even one state in the nomination process.
And there are many reasons he would struggle in a general election.
But outside groups like Jeb Bush's Super PAC and the economic conservative group Club for Growth are recognizing Trump's staying power and beginning to unload their dollars to topple him.
Here are some recent poll numbers that suggest that the real estate mogul isn't just a passing phase:
Trump's favorability ratings have turned 180 degrees.
Right before Donald Trump announced his candidacy in mid-June, a Monmouth University poll showed only two in 10 Republicans had a positive view of the real estate mogul.
By mid-July, it was 40 percent.
In early August, it was 52 percent.
Now, six in 10 Republicans have a favorable view of Donald Trump.
Roughly three in 10 say they have a negative view.
And these numbers hold up in early states.
A Quinnipiac poll in Iowa last week found that 60 percent of Republicans there had a favorable view of Trump.
Two-thirds of GOP voters would be happy with Trump as the nominee.
In a CNN/ORC poll last week, 67 percent of Republicans said they would be either "enthusiastic" or "satisfied" if Trump were the nominee.
Only two in 10 say they would be "upset" if he were the nominee.
Only Ben Carson generates roughly the same level of enthusiasm as Trump (43 percent say they would be "enthusiastic" vs. 40 percent who say the same of Trump).
The next closest in enthusiasm?
Marco Rubio with only 21 percent.
On the flip side, 47 percent of Republican voters say they would be "dissatisfied" or "upset" if establishment favorite Jeb Bush becomes the nominee.
A majority of Republicans don't see Trump's temperament as a problem.
While Donald Trump has been widely criticized for his bombast and insults, 52 percent of leaned Republican voters nationwide think that the real estate mogul has the right temperament to be president, according to Monday's ABC News/Washington Post poll.
The same number holds in the first-in-the-nation caucus state of Iowa, where the same 52 percent of Republicans think he has the personality to be commander in chief, according to Quinnipiac last week.
Still, 44 percent think he doesn't have the personality to serve effectively, and almost six in 10 independents say his temperament does not belong in the White House, according to ABC/Post.
Republican voters are getting used to the idea.
When they put on their pundit hats, Republican voters think Trump is for real.
When asked who is most likely to win the GOP nomination, four in 10 said Trump was the best bet, according to a CNN/ORC poll out last week.
That's a change from when four in 10 placed their money on Jeb Bush in late July.
Full disclosure: GOP voters haven't had the clearest crystal ball in the past.
At this time last cycle, four in 10 Republicans picked Rick Perry to win the nomination, vs. only 28 percent for eventual nominee Mitt Romney.
Still, it shows that a plurality of GOP voters see Trump's campaign as plausible.
Even if Republicans rallied around another candidate, Trump still beats almost everyone.
Some pundits point out that the splintered field is likely contributing to Trump's lead, while anti-Trump support is be spread diffusely among more than a dozen other candidates.
But a Monmouth University poll in early September shows that, in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup between Trump and most other Republican candidates, Trump almost always garners majority support.
He leads Carly Fiorina by 13 points, Marco Rubio by 14 points, Walker by 15 points, Jeb Bush by 19 points, and, finally, Rand Paul, John Kasich and Chris Christie by 33 points each.
He's in a dead heat with Ted Cruz.
The only candidate who beats him?
Ben Carson would lead the businessman by a wide 19 points in a hypothetical head-to-head.
A bare majority of Donald Trump's supporters say they've made up their minds.
A new CBS/NYT poll out on Tuesday shows that just more than half of voters who support Trump say they have locked in their votes.
Obviously, a lot can happen to change that, and no one can really say they would never change their mind.
46 percent said they are leaving the door open to switching candidates.
Still, Trump's strongest competition at the moment is from fellow outsider neurosurgeon Ben Carson, but voters who say they have made up their minds are twice as likely to go for Trump.
Six in 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration.
Even since Donald Trump called immigrants from Mexico "rapists" in his campaign announcement speech two months ago, immigration has been front and center in the 2016 conversation.
Some are worried that Trump's bombast will drive crucial Hispanic voters away from the Republican Party and damage rebranding efforts.
But according to Monday's new ABC/Post poll, six in 10 Republicans say they agree with Trump on immigration issues.
So as long as immigration remains in the spotlight, it seems Donald Trump will remain too.
Frustration with government is climbing to new highs.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson now account for roughly half of the support from Republican voters, largely due to their outsider status.
Six in 10 Republicans in Monday's new ABC/Post poll say they want a political outsider over someone with government experience.
And they are angry at Washington, too.
A Des Moines Register/Bloomberg poll in Iowa from two weeks ago shows that three in four Iowa Republicans are frustrated with Republicans in Congress, with 54 percent "unsatisfied" and 21 percent "mad as hell."
Munich, Sylt und Co.: the five most exclusive residential areas in Germany
The most expensive residential developments are located here in Hobookenweg – with a view over the North Sea mudflats.
On this road one square metre of a thatched house costs an average of €73,300.
"On Sylt, the number of properties on offer is naturally limited," says a study – hence the high prices.
This new study indicates the particular locations with the most expensive accommodation per square metre.
Of course, €18.70 per square metre for student digs in Munich is not really low.
Compared with Germany's top areas, however, this price seems likes peanuts.
Property service Engel & Volkers has published a league table of the most exclusive residential areas in Germany - with staggeringly high prices per square metre.
More than €10,000 is nothing there - per quare metre, mind you.
Ok, if you can't afford it...
Incidentally, for once Munich is not in the lead.
Champions League: Bayern off to a dream start thanks to Müller and Götze
Double goal scorer in Piraeus: Bayern star Thomas Müller is simply on a roll.
A lucky goal from Thomas Müller paved the way for a 3:0 victory for FC Bayern at Olypiacos Piraeus - then it got better.
A confident start to the Champions League season.
World champions Thomas Müller and Mario Götze brought about a dream start to their "Milan Mission" in the seething cauldron at Pireaus.
Trainer Pep Guardiola's team won their opening match in the Champions League in a hot atmosphere away to the Greek record holders, thanks to Müller's brace (52nd and 90th minutes +2) and Götze's goal (89th minute), ending in a score of 3:0 (0:0).
The twelfth successful start in a row should be the first step toward the final in Italy on 28 May 2016, where Guardiola wants to end his third attempt by taking the trophy back to Munich.
With his 28th goal in the Champions League, Müller took Bayern into the lead with the gracious help of Olymiacos goalie Roberto, who let through a cross shot from the world champion.
"We aren't going to underestimate them," promised Bayern captain Phillipp Lahm before the game in the Karaiskakis Stadium in front of 31,688 hot-blooded fans - and the Munich player kept his word.
They demonstrated a concentrated and committed performance without being showy.
Piraeus had won their six most recent premiere class home games, including against prominent clubs such as Manchester United, Atletico Madrid and Juventus Turin.
In 2011 Borussia Dortmund stumbled here too.
But Bayern, undefeated in seven Europa Cup duels with Greek teams, did not want to be the next victim.
They went to work boldly, but often too uninspired in their offensive efforts.
Attacks were too often initiated by bringing left winger Douglas Costa, who rarely got past former Brunswick player Omar Elabdellaoui, into play.
Müller had more luck from the right when his cross shot from right field drove into the top left corner of the goal.
In the 67th minute the world champion missed the chance of taking the match to 2:0.
Robert Lewandowski had the best opportunities in the first half.
First when Olympiacos striker Ideye Brown hit the Pole's header from the line in the 26th minute.
Then with a shot which the goalie parried with his knee in the 35th minute.
Although Bayern is used to playing a dominant game, Piraeus were able to needle them.
But they could count on goalkeeper Manuel Neuer.
For example when he steered a shot from Ideye over the crossbar in the 56th minute.
Guardiola had a four-man backfield defence deployed in front of Neuer, with David Alba in the centre next to Jerome Boateng.
Mario Götze, back in the squad following muscle problems, initially sat on the sidelines.
The world cup hero had only been given the green light following final training, said Sporting Director Matthias Sammer on Sky: "If anyone wants to make something else out of that, they are being malicious".
At the first change, Guardiola decided against him, when he brought in Kingsley Coman for the stricken Lewandowski in the 59th minute.
Götze came late for Arturo Vidal in the 76th minute and proved himself 13 minutes later; Müller put another one in with a penalty.
Before the match there was a riot in the stadium.
After a small group of Bayern fans, some wearing masks, had apparently provoked supporters of hosts Piraeus from behind their fence with words and gestures, security forces attacked them and used batons against the Munich supporters.
At least one Bayern fan was taken injured from the stadium.
Smokers at a greater risk of losing teeth
Smokers damage not only their lungs but also their teeth, concludes a long-term study in Potsdam.
The good news is: if you give up the risk decreases fast.
Smokers have a significantly increased risk of losing their teeth early.
This emerges from a long-term study by an international team of researchers, including a number of employees of the German Institute for Nutritional Research (DIfE) in Potsdam.
Compared to non-smokers, the risk of losing their teeth prematurely is between 2.5 and 3.6 times higher for smokers.
The scientists monitored more than 23,300 participants.
The main reasons for tooth loss are caries and inflammation of the gums, the DIfE states.
Smoking is a risk factor for this periodontitis, emphasise the authors.
The connection between smoking and loss of teeth can therefore be attributed to more frequent gum inflammation in smokers.
It has not been clarified to what extent smoking raises the risk of caries.
People who stop smoking could reduce their risk within a short time, the researchers write in the "Journal of Dental Research".
It could however take 10 years before the danger once more drops to the level of non-smokers', declared lead author Thomas Dietrich of the University of Birmingham in England.
People should be persuaded to become non-smokers, declared study leader Heiner Boeing of DIfE: "Smoking shortens the lifespan".
Not smoking is good for the lungs and vessels and in our experience leads to good dental health to an advanced age.
In Germany over 20 percent of the population in the 65 to 74 age group are affected by toothlessness, according to the DIfE.
Earlier studies had already indicated that smoking increases the risk of early tooth loss.
The new long term study substantiates these findings.
Archaeologists discover ancient remains on the banks of the Rhine at Cologne
Archaeological finds have again been made on the right bank of the Rhine in Cologne.
Archaeologists from the Roman Germanic Museum have unearthed skeletons and remains of historical buildings near the site where the new Rhine Boulevard is being constructed , said museum Director Marcus Trier on Tuesday.
Historians have been in search of so-called architectural monuments since the start of construction work on the Rhine.
The museum, as the department for archaeological monument conservation, is always consulted when construction projects are carried out in the city district of Cologne.
The archaeologists made a find in the third construction phase of the Rhein Boulevard.
It is already known from text documents that a fortress stood on this spot in the 4th century, and in the 8th century a church, explained Trier.
Besides the remains of the fortress and the church tower, a cemetery with around 350 graves, which probably belonged to the church, has also been discovered.
Young woman hit by goods train
After a young woman met with an accident at the station in Geilenkirchen-Lindern, police are asking for help from the general public.
Early on Wednesday morning, at about 1:40 a.m., the young woman crossed the tracks at the end of the platform coming from the direction of the station building and was hit by a goods train coming from the direction of Mönchengladbach.
According to the Federal police she suffered severe injuries from the accident.
She was treated at the site by an emergency doctor and taken to hospital by ambulance.
Investigating officers have no idea why the young woman was crossing the tracks at night.
It is possible that the event was observed by witnesses or residents may have heard something.
This may apply to residents of or people passing by the Lindern station, Ziegelbäckerweg, Thomashofstrasse and Leiffarther Strasse (L364).
Any information that can be provided about the cause of the accident can be given by calling the free 24-hour police hotline on 0800/688 8000 or at any police station.
EU Commission proposes new court in controversy over TTIP
To defuse the controversy over the planned Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership, TTIP, the EU Commission has proposed a substantial reform of the current arbitration system.
According to this, the disputed private arbitration board for conflicts between corporations and countries would be replaced by a transparent system which corresponds considerably more in its function to traditional courts.
"We want to set up a system which citizens trust," stated the responsible EU Commissioner, Cecilia Malström, when introducing it.
The Swede plans to introduce the proposal as the European negotiating position in the free trade talks with the USA.
The German government has announced its support.
The creation of TTIP will result in the largest free trade zone in the world, covering 800 million people.
Plans for reform of the current arbitration procedure specifically provide for the EU states and the USA to jointly select independent judges for a new investment court.
They should come in equal proportions from the EU, the USA and from non-member countries.
For the first time, a second instance is also provided for.
This would allow for appeals to be made against judgements.
Up to now, the parties to proceedings have agreed on the arbitrator among themselves and there has been no possibility of appeal against their judgements.
In the discussions over the past months it has become clear that citizens do not trust the old ISDS system to be fair and just, commented Malström.
In the long term, according to her statement, she wants to aim at an international investment court.
In this, for example, disputes between Chinese companies and EU countries could be cleared up.
Investor State Dispute Settlement (ISDS), which is required particularly by large companies, is said to be one of the main reasons for the stiff opposition to the TTIP in Europe.
Traditional arbitration courts are criticised by adversaries as a form of parallel justice through which companies are able to fight for compensation at the expense of tax payers, make national laws null and void, or enforce a lowering of consumer and environmental protection standards.
In initial reactions, anti TTIP organisations such as Capact called the EU Commission's proposals inadequate.
There was criticism in particular that they would not apply to the already negotiated free trade agreement with Canada (Ceta).
The German Secretary of State for the Economy, Matthias Machnig (SPD), on the other hand, referred to the plans as major progress.
The Commission included in the reforms key points which Federal Economics Minister Sigmar Gabriel developed with other EU trade ministers.
The old system of private arbitration courts is off the table.
The French government, too, welcomed Malström's plans.
The European business association BusinessEurope warned against restricting the options for industry to take legal action with too many new rules.
Small and medium sized enterprises in particular could be disadvantaged, they said.
When talks over the TTIP free trade agreement can be concluded was still unclear on Wednesday.
Negotiations have been taking place since the middle of 2013.
The issue of investor protection, however, has to date not been discussed with the USA.
It was originally planned for a structure for the agreement to be completed by the end of this year.
This date is no longer tenable.
Exquisite folk from Sufjan Stevens in Hamburg
Eleven years ago, Sufjan Stevens sits on the stage in the Prime Club (now Luxor) in Cologne.
Beside him stands a flip chart on which the shy-seeming folk singer has drawn the picturesque US state of Michigan in felt-tip pen.
The entire audience, some 40 people, is virtually mesmerised by Stevens's performance.
Referring to different places, which each time he marks on the map, he talks about the stories behind his meticulously and subtly contrived songs.
Where they originated, and what it looks like, in his home country.
Since then Stevens has proved himself to be a wonderfully creative nutcase.
His third album, "Greetings from Michigan: the Great Lake State", released in 2003, features cleverly composed songs which cling harmonically to the traditions of American folk rock of the late sixties, but which might drift at any time into amazing opulence.
Rumour has it that "Michigan" was the first part of a bold series: it was to have been followed by songs about each of the 50 United States.
But in 2004 in the Rhine area, "Seven Swans" came out, bursting positive expectations.
Stevens seems to have downsized here.
Playing live he only needs a guitar and banjo.
One year later the New York-based musician returns to his series.
With "Illinois" ("Sufjan Stevens Invites You To: Come On Feel The Illinoise") in 2005, a widely acclaimed masterpiece is released.
Exuberant with ideas and stylistic sophistication.
The album climbs the American Billboard charts and appears in every best album of the year list in the influential music press.
After extremely productive experiments Stevens then serves up "The Age of Adz" (2010), an elaborate electronic set piece.
This sixth proper studio album is still broadly orchestrated, but supported by programmed sequences or beats and plays with a variety of effects and echoes.
Long since moved on from the smaller clubs, the stage shows here are becoming colourful spectacles with neon headbands and huge fluorescent stage decorations.
Currently Sufjan Stevens is touring Germany as part of a five-man band.
Hamburg Mehr kept in the dark!
Since March the theatre has primarily presented "Carrie and Lowell".
Although an audience of almost 2000 sit spellbound in their seats, the clearly more mature Stevens returns to intimacy and to folk.
Without directing a word at the public the group of excellent musicians plays through the widely enriched album.
From the audience one can hear: the performance is more "opulent" and it makes you want to "chuck away the album".
Only with his encore does Stevens give his modest thanks, play a few of his older songs acoustically and finally take a bow to thunderous applause.
Jeremy Corbyn to make debut at Prime Minister's Questions
Since his election, Mr Corbyn's debut at PMQs has been keenly awaited
New Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is to make his debut at Prime Minister's Questions later, taking on David Cameron for the first time.
Mr Corbyn will rise to ask the first of his six allotted questions shortly after midday, with his performance likely to be closely scrutinised by the media and Labour MPs.
He has called for "less theatre and more facts" at the weekly showpiece.
He has also said he could skip some sessions, leaving them to colleagues.
The encounter will be the first parliamentary test of Mr Corbyn's leadership, coming after his appointment of a shadow cabinet and his speech to the TUC annual congress on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, the Labour leader's decision to stand in silence during the singing of the national anthem at a service on Tuesday to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of Britain has attracted criticism from a number of Tory MPs and is the focus of several front page stories in the newspapers.
Mr Corbyn's decision not to sing the national anthem has attracted attention
A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said he had "stood in respectful silence" and did recognise the "heroism of the Royal Air Force in the Battle of Britain."
But a member of Mr Corbyn's shadow cabinet, Owen Smith, told BBC Two's Newsnight programme he would have advised the Labour leader to sing the national anthem "irrespective" of his belief that the monarchy should be abolished.
Nearly a dozen shadow ministers have refused to serve in Mr Corbyn's top team, citing differences over the economy, defence and foreign affairs, while less than a sixth of the parliamentary party originally backed him as leader.
BBC political correspondent Robin Brant says policy differences are also "stacking up" within Labour following Mr Corbyn's appointment over its position on the European Union and the government's cap on benefits.
Mr Corbyn told the TUC conference Labour was putting forward amendments to remove the whole idea of a cap altogether.
Hours later Mr Smith, the shadow work and pensions secretary, said the party was "very clear" that it was only opposing government plans to reduce the level of cap from £26,000 to £23,000.
Mr Corbyn will be the fifth Labour leader that David Cameron has faced across the despatch box over the past decade since he became Tory leader.
The Labour leader, who has promised a different approach to politics, says he has "crowd sourced" ideas for questions to ask Mr Cameron and has been given more than 30,000 suggestions.
The Islington North MP has said PMQs is too confrontational and that he will refrain from both "repartee" and trading barbs, instead vowing to focus on serious issues such as poverty, inequality and the challenges facing young people.
Mr Corbyn has said that Angela Eagle, the shadow business secretary, will deputise for him at PMQs when he does not attend - for instance when Mr Cameron is travelling abroad.
He has also floated the idea of allowing other colleagues to take the floor on occasion, saying he had approached the Commons Speaker John Bercow to discuss the issue.
When he became leader in 2005, Mr Cameron said he wanted to move away from the "Punch and Judy" style of politics often associated with PMQs but admitted some years later that he had failed.
Since it was first televised in 1990, PMQs has been seen as a key barometer of a leader's judgement, their command of the Commons and their standing among their fellow MPs although critics have argued it has become a caricature and is in need of far-reaching reforms.
'Shot in Joburg': Homeless youth trained as photographers
Downtown Johannesburg is a tough place to be homeless.
But one group of former street children have found a way to learn a skill and make a living.
"I was shot in Joburg" is a non-profit studio that teaches homeless youngsters how to take photographs of their neighbourhood and make a profit from it.
BBC News went to meet one of the project's first graduates.
How to share your stories, pictures and videos with BBC News
Every day BBC News - on TV, on radio and online - brings you the latest stories from across the globe... but what we want to hear are the issues that matter to you.
The part you play in making the news is very important.
Whether it is breaking news or a featured item, your contribution can make a difference.
Have you seen or been involved in a news event?
Is something significant, bizarre or unusual happening where you live?
Have you got a story to tell or is there something you think we should follow up?
Are there topics you want to get the world talking about?
What do you want to comment on?
Or do you want to find out what others are talking about?
Terms and conditions for sending contributions to the BBC.
Here are the different ways to send in your contributions:
Contact us on Twitter
We may use your tweets displaying your Twitter username on BBC output.
Message us on WhatsApp
Send us a picture, video or message to our WhatsApp number +44 7525 900971
In some cases your text, as well as your images, may be used on BBC output.
We will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to) but we will never publish your mobile phone number.
You can send us your pictures and videos or an SMS to 61124.
Or if you are outside the UK, send them to the international number +44 7624 800 100.
You can download the BBC News app on iOS or Android devices and send us images or contributions using the buttons in the app.
Email your stories and comments to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk
We aim to read all of your emails but due to the numbers we receive each day it is not always possible to reply to everyone individually.
Email your pictures, video or audio to us at yourpics@bbc.co.uk
If we use your material on BBC programmes or online we will publish your name as you provide it (unless you ask us not to) but we will never publish your email address.
You can also upload your video or pictures.
We will publish your name as you provide it, unless you ask us not to.
Pound rises as UK wage growth accelerates
The pound jumped following data showing a pick-up in UK wage growth, while the FTSE 100 was led higher by bid target SABMiller.
Between May and July, UK earnings excluding bonuses grew 2.9% compared with the same period last year.
The rate was the fastest since 2009, and was seen as bringing forward estimates of when rates might rise.
Sterling rose more than 1% against the dollar to $1.5505 and was up 0.84% against the euro at €1.3730.
The FTSE 100 index closed up 1.49% to 6,229.21.
SABMiller was the stand-out stock on the market, jumping 20% after it received a bid approach from rival AB InBev.
A deal would combine the world's two largest brewers, bringing together brands such as Budweiser, Stella Artois, Peroni and Grolsch.
Burberry shares were 0.9% higher following encouraging news from rival luxury goods group Richemont.
Richemont's latest sales figures beat expectations and also showed that sales in China - a key market for Burberry - had begun to grow again.
Shares in Glencore rose 5% after the mining giant said it had raised $2.5bn through a share placement as part of its debt-cutting strategy.
Shares in packaging and paper group Mondi were the biggest fallers on the index, down 4.3%, after Goldman Sachs cut its rating on the firm to "sell."
JD Sports rose 3.1% after the sportswear firm reported an 83% jump in half-year pre-tax profits to £46.6m.
JD Sports boss says higher wages could hurt expansion
JD Sports Executive Chairman Peter Cowgill says a higher minimum wage for UK workers could mean "more spending power in the pockets of potential consumers."
But that spending power is unlikely to outweigh the higher labour costs at his firm, he says.
The costs could hit JD Sports' expansion plans, he added, which could mean fewer extra jobs.
Justin Bieber in the capital city: on a Bieber expedition in Berlin
Justin Bieber, megastar.
A ridiculous 21 years young, a wimpy kid with a too trendy haircut.
The guy with the platinum blond hair is worth a hundred million euros.
Probably even more.
At the moment Monsieur Bieber is in Berlin.
And the under-17 generation is going berserk.
Like Wiktoria Rudzinska.
The 15-year-old has never heard the name Ritz Carlton.
Not so bad.
Hundreds of fans accompanied Justin yesterday.
Including Eva and Viktoria from Poland.
But the Poles have been sitting on the cold stone slab in front of the luxury Berlin hotel on the Potsdamer Platz since 7 o'clock in the morning.
The Bieber building: their idol, whose face appears on huge numbers of posters in Szczecin, has been staying here since Monday evening.
The suite where the Canadian singer is staying costs as much for one night as her mother Ewa earns in six months.
At least.
She says: "My Viktoria should really be sitting in the 10th class in the grammar school at the moment."
"I'm fulfilling her dream for her."
Compulsory education?
Who wants that?
Not the fans.
Nor Bieber himself.
He is financially secure anyway.
He is earning three million for advertising in the commercial break at the Super Bowl, a two-year deal with an anti-spot company pours many many dollars into Bieber's account.
And for every doll that looks like him and passes over the counter Bieber cashes in as well.
When Justin Bieber drinks coffee people goggle through the window.
He has looted more than a hundred million like that.
Some say the hype goes too far.
Others point out that after all Bieber is charting in both the USA and Great Britain with his new single "What do you mean?" at number one.
Bieber himself, whose new album is due out in November, is not interested in all those zeros.
At least that's what he says.
Pegida poster suggests the idea of potato doner kebabs to Lebanese man
Potatoes or doner kebab?
You can have both – in the potato kebab that Oldenburg snack bar owner Hani Alhay has created.
Inspired by the slogan "potatoes instead of kebabs" on a Pegida movement poster, Alhay put potatoes and meat together on a skewer.
A poster at a Pegida demonstration with the slogan "Potatoes instead of kebabs" which he happened to see on television gave him the idea.
Since then a spit laden with meat and potatoes has been rotating in his shop.
"That is multi-cultural food!" says Alhay.
Now he has registered his idea at the patent office in Munich.
According to officials there it is now protected as a registered design.
Because of this, Alhay does not want to reveal how much meat and how many potatoes the spit holds.
Just enough so that, "They taste much better together," he reckons.
Customers also appreciate this international culinary understanding.
Metcash launches grassroots campaign to fight Aldi incursion
Metcash is trying to protect its IGA stores from an Aldi onslaught in South Australia and Western Australia.
Grocery wholesaler Metcash has kicked off a grassroots campaign to defend the market share of IGA retailers in South Australia and Western Australia ahead of a $700 million Aldi invasion.
As Aldi prepares to open two distribution centres and the first of as many as 120 stores in South Australia and Western Australia early next year, Metcash and IGA supermarkets are strengthening relationships with local food suppliers and building the IGA brand through mainstream and social media marketing and events such as the Adelaide show.
IGA retailers and suppliers are jumping on board, with brands such as Dunsborough-based ice cream maker Simmo's offering taste testing at IGA stores and store owners selling discounted South Australian football league tickets to loyal customers.
Metcash is expected to reveal more details of its defence strategy on September 29, when the food, liquor and hardware wholesaler hosts its annual investor strategy day.
There is much at stake, as South Australia and Western Australia account for almost 30 per cent of Metcash's IGA store footprint and generate higher profit margins than Metcash's IGA network in the eastern states.
South Australian and Western Australian shoppers are notoriously parochial and IGA retailers enjoy a much stronger market share than they do in NSW, Victoria and Queensland - more than 30 per cent in SA and 24 per cent in WA compared with around 14 per cent in the Eastern states.
However, analysts such as Morgan Stanley believe Aldi will snare around 5 per cent of the grocery market in these two states within 12 months of opening its first stores, taking sales from all existing players but mainly from independent retailers.
In a report this week, Morgan Stanley analyst Tom Kierath estimated that IGA retailers could lose $360 million a year in sales and Metcash $250 million by the end of 2016.
This forecast is based on the assumption that Aldi opens 25 stores in SA and 30 in WA next year, generating sales of $500 million and $600 million in each market.
The loss of food and grocery sales and volumes on Metcash's high fixed-cost base could cost Metcash around $13 million in earnings before interest and tax, Mr Kierath said.
At the same time, Metcash is losing market share in the eastern states, mainly to Aldi and Coles, even though a recent Roy Morgan survey found IGA shoppers were most loyal.
Morgan Stanley believes Metcash's food and grocery sales will fall 3.8 per cent in 2016, 4.1 per cent in 2017 and 2.1 per cent in 2018, reducing its market share from 14 per cent in 2015 to 10.3 per cent by 2020.
Last week, leading fund manager Hamish Douglass, the founder of Magellan Financial Group, told a business lunch in Melbourne that Metcash could "highly, probably disappear within a decade.
Metcash has declined to respond publicly to Mr Douglass' comments.
But it is understood that a Metcash board member contacted Mr Douglass last week.
IGA's market share has fallen from 18 per cent to 14 per cent since 2010 and earnings from Metcash's food and grocery business, which supplies about 1200 IGA retailers, have fallen 43 per cent since 2012, reflecting operating deleverage as sales and margins come under pressure.
However, the wholesaler is fighting back, investing more than $150 million a year matching shelf prices at Coles and Woolworths on hundreds of products each week, helping IGA retailers refurbish stores by adding faster-growing fresh food, and rolling out a better range of private label groceries.
Metcash chief executive Ian Morrice says the price matching and store refurbishment programs are gaining traction and is hoping the wholesaler will return to underlying profit growth in 2017, for the first time in four years.
Thanasi Kokkinakis backed by Tennis Australia president Steve Healy
Thanasi Kokkinakis deserves kudos rather than criticism for his behaviour.
Thanasi Kokkinakis has been the collateral damage in the recent storm around his friend Nick Kyrgios and deserves kudos rather than criticism for his own behaviour, according to Tennis Australia president Steve Healy.
Kokkinakis, the younger of the talented duo regularly referred to as the "Special Ks," was dragged into an unwelcome spotlight by the infamous Kyrgios sledge of Stan Wawrinka at the Montreal Masters.
In a fiery qualifying match in Cincinnati soon after, Kokkinakis and his opponent Ryan Harrison twice had to be separated by the chair umpire, with Harrison declaring: "Wawrinka should've decked Kyrgios, and I should deck that kid."
While he was last seen smashing a racquet after cramp foiled a potential US Open upset of Richard Gasquet, Kokkinakis has been defended staunchly by Healy.
The teenager is currently in Glasgow, competing with Sam Groth for the second singles berth behind Bernard Tomic in the Davis Cup semi-final against Britain.
"One thing I do feel quite keenly about is I think Thanasi's been dragged into the fray a little bit," Healy said.
He did break a racquet when he lost when he cramped in the US, but he's not the first player to break a racquet out of frustration with himself, and I know Thanasi well enough to know he wouldn't be proud of that.
But, really, he's handled himself extremely well, in pretty provocative circumstances in the US with Harrison and so on, and I think he deserves a lot of credit.
He's a great team around him, he's got a great family around him and I just think he's been a little hard done by.
He's a very mature 19-year-old, he works very hard, and he fits in with the team and so on, he hasn't ever had an issue with the other players, he's well respected in the locker room, he trains hard, he's in great shape, he's a very stable and mature young guy and I just think he deserves to be judged on his own merits.
Healy also backed the decision to overlook Kyrgios for the important tie, starting on Friday, describing the "mutual decision" as the right thing for all, but backing the Canberran to return as a long-term fixture in the team.
"First of all we want the team to be completely focused on the tie and not all the controversy around [Kyrgios]," Healy said.
And I think Nick, he's risen very quickly, as people like Federer and Murray have pointed out, he's growing up in the public eye and he's made some terrible errors and deserves all the criticism he gets, but we're trying to support him, we're trying to help him understand the consequences of his actions, and some time out of the limelight where he can just reflect on that I think is appropriate and it's best for the team and it's best for him.
Europe migrant crisis: Hungary declares emergency, seals border, detains migrants
Declaring a state of emergency, Hungary sealed off its southern border with Serbia on Tuesday and detained those trying to enter illegally, aiming to shut down the flow of migrants pouring in.
Chaos ensued at the border, as hundreds of migrants piled up in a no man's land, and Serbian officials reacted with outrage.
Stuck for an unknown amount of time on a strip of road between the two countries' checkpoints, those fleeing violence in their homelands pitched tents and settled in.
But frustrations were on the rise.
As a police helicopter hovered above, migrants chanted "Open the border!" and shouted insults at Hungarian riot police.
Some refused food and water in protest.
Serbia's foreign minister declared it was "unacceptable" that migrants were being sent back from Hungary while more and more were arriving from Macedonia and Greece.
(Serbia) wants to be part of the solution, not collateral damage.
There will have to be talks in the coming days with Brussels and other countries," Ivica Dacic said in Prague.
The turmoil at the Hungarian-Serbian border came a day after the 28-nation bloc failed to come up with a united immigration policy at a contentious meeting in Brussels.
The ministers did agree to share responsibility for 40,000 people seeking refuge in overwhelmed Italy and Greece and spoke hopefully of reaching an eventual deal - next month or by the end of the year - on which EU nations would take 120,000 more refugees, including some from Hungary.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Austria called Tuesday for a special European Union summit next week to discuss the continent's immigration crisis.
Hungary, however, was not pinning its hopes on any action soon from Brussels or its neighbors.
Tuesday's state of emergency in two southern regions gave authorities greater powers to deal with the crisis, allowing them to shut down roads and speed up asylum court cases.
Meanwhile, Hungarian Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto said his country is also planning to build a razor-wire fence along part of its border with Romania to stop the flow of migrants through the country, now that it has finished a fence on the Serbian border.
CBS News correspondent Charlie D'Agata reported that even prison inmates were enlisted in the race to finish the razor wire fence between Hungary and Serbia.
In the last few months, Hungary has become a major bottleneck and entry point into the European Union for migrants, many of them war refugees from Syria and elsewhere in the Middle East.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban, however, has insisted that most arriving are economic migrants seeking a better life, not war refugees entitled to protection - a view sharply at odds with other EU nations, including Germany.
The new laws that took effect at midnight in Hungary now make it a crime to cross or damage a 4-meter (13-foot) razor-wire fence the government has built along the southern border with Serbia and also includes longer prison terms for convicted human traffickers.
"Due to the situation caused by mass migration, the Hungarian government declares a state of crisis," government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs told reporters in the southern city of Szeged.
We are very clear on this: Illegal border crossing is a crime.
Technically, parliament must still approve the deployment of the military, expected next week, but Associated Press reporters at the border have seen heavily armed military personnel with vehicles and dogs for days.
Gyorgy Bakondi, homeland security adviser to Orban, said authorities caught 45 people trying to cross at the border and 15 deeper in the country.
They got across by damaging the fence, are now in police custody and are being charged with committing offenses under the new laws.
Authorities are quickly repairing the fence.
Hungarian officials also closed two of seven border crossings with Serbia on Tuesday morning after deploying a train car covered with razor wire to close one of them.
Chaos enveloped the main border crossing near Roszke, Hungary, as the Hungarians opened a tiny office in a metal container to process people and crowds pressed to squeeze inside.
About 20 managed to get in, but thousands remained outside.
Another group of migrants blocked the main highway connecting Serbia and Hungary, saying they were refusing food and water until they are allowed to cross into Hungary.
Election 2016: Hillary Clinton's lead over Bernie Sanders cut by half in national poll
Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton continues to hold a double-digit lead in the Democratic race for the nomination nationally, but Sen. Bernie Sanders is gaining on her.
Clinton now has the backing of 47 percent of Democratic primary voters (down from 58 percent), while Sanders comes in second, with 27 percent (up from 17 percent).
Vice President Joe Biden, who has yet to announce whether he is running for president, receives support from 15 percent of Democratic primary voters.
More than five months before the start of the primary contests, most Democratic voters say it is too early to say that their minds are made up about which candidate they will support.
But Clinton's backers are more firm in their choice than those backing other candidates.
Since last month's CBS News Poll, Clinton has lost ground among a number of demographic groups, while Sanders has made some gains.
Clinton maintains a large lead among women and moderates, but those leads have narrowed.
Her support among men has dropped considerably and Sanders only trails her by 5 points.
Clinton's advantage with Democratic voters under age 50 has evaporated, and she and Sanders are now even.
However, Clinton still has a large lead with older voters.
Last month, Clinton was ahead of Sanders by double-digits among liberals, but Sanders now has a 5-point edge with this group.
About half of Democratic primary voters nationwide say they would enthusiastically support Clinton if she became the party's nominee.
A quarter would support her with some reservations and another 15 percent would only back her because she is the nominee.
Six percent would not support her.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Clinton's current supporters are especially likely to be enthusiastic about her.
Views are more mixed among those not currently backing Clinton - only about a quarter would enthusiastically support her.
While 48 percent of Democratic primary voters say they would enthusiastically back Clinton, fewer Republican voters say that about their frontrunner, Donald Trump (35 percent).
When Clinton's supporters are asked in an open-ended question why they want her to be the nominee, the top answer is that she has the right experience (16 percent), followed by it's time for a woman president (13 percent), and that she is the best candidate for the job (10 percent).
Also mentioned by Clinton supporters is her association with Bill Clinton (9 percent).
Agreement on the issues, and electability are also cited.
As the vice president weighs a potential run for president, 57 percent of Democratic primary voters would like to see him jump in the race - although a third don't think he should.
When Democratic primary voters are asked who would be their second choice for the party's nomination, Biden is the top pick.
Among Clinton supporters, more than half say Biden would be their second choice, far ahead of Sanders.
If Biden chooses not to run for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton's lead over Sanders widens, from 20 points with Biden in the race to 30 points without him in the running.
Fifty-five percent of Democratic voters see Clinton as the candidate with the best chance of winning the general election; however that figure is down from 78 percent last month.
Biden is a distant second on this measure, but the percentage that sees him as the most electable has risen.
Still, when asked which is more important in a nominee, Democratic voters pick issues over electability.
Similar to last month, no single Democratic candidate or potential candidate stands out as unacceptable as the nominee to these primary voters.
The Democratic candidates, or potential candidates, perform well on some key characteristics among their party's primary voters.
Majorities see Clinton, Sanders and Biden as honest and trustworthy and as having strong leadership qualities.
Biden does the best of the three on honesty, while Clinton's strength is leadership.
Thirty percent of Democratic primary voters don't think Clinton is honest and trustworthy, twice as many as say that about Sanders (15 percent), but 27 percent don't have an opinion of him on this.
Democratic primary voters also generally see Clinton, Sanders and Biden as in line with their views ideologically.
On all of these measures, about a quarter of Democratic voters do not have an opinion of Sanders.
As questions continue about Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email address and server while Secretary of State, most Democratic primary voters are satisfied with her explanation of the matter and say it hasn't impacted their overall views of her.
But it's a different story among the American public overall.
Half of Americans are now dissatisfied with her explanation, while just about a third are satisfied.
The public's views on this were split back in March, shortly after the issue came to light.
Most Americans say the email controversy has had no effect on their overall opinions of Clinton, although 36 percent say their opinion of her has grown worse.
It is mainly Republicans, more than six in 10, who say their views of Clinton have become worse.
Even though Clinton is viewed as honest and trustworthy by her party's voters, this continues to be a problem for her among registered voters overall: only 32 percent see her as honest and trustworthy, down eight points from last month, and 15 points since May.
Sixty-two percent of registered voters don't think of her as honest and trustworthy.
At the same time, 55 percent of registered voters nationwide don't see Trump as honest and trustworthy either.
Both Clinton and Trump, however, get good marks on leadership.
Of the six candidates tested, Biden, Carson and Bush do the best on honesty.
More see Sanders as honest than not, but like Carson, many don't have an opinion of him.
The margin of error for the sample of 351 Democratic primary voters is 6 percentage points.
Ben Carson draws close behind Donald Trump in national poll
Ben Carson is running close behind Donald Trump in the newest CBS News/New York Times poll
The two candidates account for half the support of voters in the new poll, leaving others scrounging for a foothold
Republican voters nationwide continue to back Trump in large numbers, climbing from 23% support in the last CBS poll, conducted before the Fox News debate last month, to 27% in the poll out Tuesday.
But Carson rocketed in that same period from 6% to 23%.
The survey also found Carson doing well across demographic groups, edging out Trump among college-educated Republican voters.
The rest of the field, with the exception of Carly Fiorina and Ohio Gov. John Kasich, has slipped behind with Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker falling farthest from 10% support last month to 2% now.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio all tied for third place with 6%.
The margin of error for the 376-person sample of Republican voters in this newest poll is plus-or-minus 6%, and was conducted Sept.
The latest CNN/ORC survey, released last week, showed Carson rising in the polls -- landing at 19% support among Republicans, behind Trump's 32% support.
The latest poll from ABC News/Washington Post also showed Trump significantly ahead of Carson.
Facing a rising Carson last week, Trump took some potshots at the retired neurosurgeon, even as Carson apologized for questioning Trump's faith.
"We need energy," Trump said last Saturday during a campaign stop in Iowa.
Pleasant temperatures for bathing: the eastern Mediterranean is currently as warm as 29 degrees
Even if peak levels are only measured in the distance, a trip to the Mediterranean is enough for beach lovers to find warm water.
A dip in the North Sea or the Baltic Sea can only be a brief treat with temperatures at a maximum of 17 degrees.
Many people no longer go into the sea: the water in the North Sea and the Baltic this week is a maximum of 18 degrees, according to the German meteorological office (DWD).
The Mediterranean, by contrast, offers suitable temperatures for bathing: in the east they are as high as 29 degrees.
In the Adriatic peak temperatures are 25 degrees, and in France 23 degrees.
The Red Sea in Egypt is 28 degrees.
Five fraternity members charged in death of Baruch College freshman
Nearly two years after a college student died during a fraternity hazing ritual in Pennsylvania's Pocono Mountains, murder charges have been filed against five people.
Members of New York City's Baruch College Pi Delta Psi fraternity brutally assaulted Chun "Michael" Deng during an initiation rite in September 2013 and delayed taking him to the hospital, contributing to his death, police said.
Officials said he was blindfolded, saddled with a 30-pound backpack full of sand, and repeatedly tackled while he tried to walk toward a target across a frozen field.
Mr. Deng eventually complained that his head hurt then fell unconscious.
Pi Delta Psi fraternity members did not call 911 after Deng passed out, and allegedly waited an hour before bringing him to a hospital, police say.
They did, however, find time to change Deng's clothes, Google his symptoms, and contact Andy Meng, the fraternity's national president to seek advice, Police Chief Chris Wagner said at a news conference.
"At this point, members began to hide paraphernalia and basically put the fraternity's well-being over that of Michael Deng's," Chief Wagner said.
He could not be revived and he died the next morning.
According to an autopsy report, Deng was subjected to repeated blunt force trauma to his head, torso, and thighs.
"Too many families have been devastated as a result of fraternity hazing, with at least one student dying every year from hazing since 1970," Douglas Fierberg, an attorney representing Deng's family, said in a statement.
Fraternities and their members must be held accountable, and this step by authorities is an important one.
A Monroe County grand jury recommended third-degree murder charges for the first five members.
Thirty-two other fraternity members, including Mr. Meng, will also be charged with assault hazing and criminal conspiracy.
"We want to hold not only the individuals involved, but if there's an organization that sanctioned it, whether officially or unofficially, we're going to hold them accountable as well," Wagner said at a news conference Tuesday.
Baruch College banned the fraternity and the national fraternity revoked its affiliation with the local chapter.
Here's what will happen when the Fed raises interest rates
A rate hike will come and the bull market will stumble, bond yields will climb and the economy will slip into a recession.
This we know.
What we don't know is how long all of that will take and how long it will last.
For the economy specifically, history offers little guide about timing.
A recession has come as quickly as 11 months after the first rate hike and as long as 86 months.
The Federal Reserve's aggressiveness in raising rates is often, though not always, a determinant in how the economy and financial assets respond.
That's why officials at the U.S. central bank have stressed so vigorously that investors should not be focused on when it starts raising rates but rather the trajectory of how long it will take to normalize.
There are, indeed, multiple variables at play.
In the end, however, market participants may find that all the rate-hike fuss may have been overdone.
"The first hike from the Fed since the global financial crisis will inevitably be interpreted by some as signaling the end of the era of 'cheap money,' " Julian Jessop, chief global economist at Capital Economics, said in a note to clients.
In contrast, we do not expect the gradual return of U.S. interest rates to more normal but still low levels to be the seismic shock that many seem to fear.
That's not to say there won't be effects, however.
Here's a look at how some areas of the economy could react, based on historical trends:
As the market has seen over the past month or so, anticipation of rate hikes can make things volatile for a while.
Once the hike hits, though, the impact is not as dramatic.
"It does seem there is a trend for equity returns to stall 12-24 months after the first hike, which again perhaps reflects the lag in monetary policy," Deutsche Bank analysts said in a recent study of what happens after the Fed hikes.
More specifically, the market over the past 35 years or so is most often up sharply - about 14 percent - heading into the rate hike, fairly flat in the 250 days after (average gain of 2.6 percent) then back to normal once 500 days have passed, with average return in the past six cycles of 14.4 percent, according to a recent analysis Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen Asset Management, posted on Barron's.
Deutsche said the impact on stocks tends to get more pronounced later in the rate-hiking cycle and returns begin to diminish.
Recessions are a fact of economic life, but rate hikes often help them along.
In the current case, the Fed is facing some conditions that did not exist before and could hasten a recession.
Most notably, gross domestic product will be near its lowest point ever for a Fed rate hike.
According to Deutsche Bank, in the 118 rate hikes since 1950, only twice has nominal year over year GDP been below 4.5 percent.
Even though the second quarter of 2015 was at 3.6 percent, few expect that to last, with the third quarter tracking at just 1.5 percent, according to the Atlanta Fed.
Hiking rates into such a fragile economic backdrop could be risky and set up the question of "whether this time is different," Deutsche said.
Market participants have been bracing for a Fed hike all year, with all eyes turned toward this week's Federal Open Market Committee meeting, which ends Thursday.
While many strategists and economists believe the FOMC could approve a hike at this meeting, futures trading indicates just a 25 percent probability.
"In our study since 1950, all hiking cycles to date have been in a super cycle of increasing leverage with GDP eclipsing prerecession peaks very quickly post the recovery commencing," the report said.
By contrast this has been a uniquely slow recovery from what was the worst recession in the sample period.
The current cycle is by far the longest the Fed has waited since the end of the last recession; the record had been 35 months, and this is 74 months and counting.
Fixed income also has been volatile as the market anticipates a rate hike, and the pattern is somewhat similar to what equities experience.
The principal difference is that the impact happens faster in bonds than stocks when the Fed changes course in policy.
For bonds, it does seem yields change direction immediately as the first hike/cut in the cycle arrives.
At the end of the hiking cycle bond yields fall immediately," Deutsche said.
Charles Schwab strategists believe the hike in rates will cause yields between longer- and shorter-dated bonds to move closer together, flattening the curve.
High-yield bonds often perform better in such a climate, though "we are still cautious about stretching for yield," Kathy Jones, fixed income analyst at Schwab, said in an analysis.
Interestingly, Jones thinks markets already have adapted to Fed policy expectations.
"In addition to the strength in the dollar and the drop in inflation expectations, there are several signs that the market has adjusted to the prospect of tighter monetary policy," she wrote.
Short-term interest rates are up, the yield curve is flatter, credit spreads have widened and volatility has increased - all characteristics of the market when the Fed tightens policy.
Broadly speaking, companies that do the majority of their business in the U.S. will win as interest rates rise and local products become more attractive.
Multinationals with lots of debt will fare worse, as a rising dollar makes their products more expensive in the global market space and their debt more expensive the finance.
"History shows that 'quality' stocks tend to outperform during the three months following an initial rate hike," Goldman Sachs analysts said in a report for clients.
Firms with strong balance sheets outpaced weak balance sheet companies following each of the 1994, 1999, and 2004 rate hikes, by an average of 5 percentage points.
Companies with high returns on capital as well as low volatility stocks also outperformed their lower quality counterparts, by an average of 4 (percentage points) and 3 (percentage points), respectively.
Debt will become a big issue.
Companies with a high percentage of floating rate debt stand to lose the most, Goldman said.
Outside pure stock plays, consumers stand to benefit as well through the rising dollar.
Savers could see gains as well through higher yields at the, though experts differ on how quickly that will take hold.
BBC Radio 3 is a copy of Classic FM says MP Andrew Bingham
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham criticised station for 'dumbing down'
Argues it's becoming increasingly indistinguishable from commercial rival
Also took aim at the BBC Music Awards, saying they just rip off the Brits
Colleague Damien Collins MP attacked The Voice, saying that too wasn't original
BBC Radio 3 is "turning into" Classic FM, a leading MP has claimed, piling fresh pressure on the broadcaster to prove that it does something that commercial broadcasters do not.
Conservative MP Andrew Bingham also told BBC bosses that the public service radio station appeared to be "dumbing down" and is becoming increasingly indistinguishable from its commercial rival.
"Radio 3 seems to be - I don't like to use the word "dumbing down" - but it seems to be turning into Classic FM," he said.
He also took aim at the BBC Music Awards, launched last December.
The BBC Music Awards which started last year seem to be the Brits by another name.
So, if you're trying to do something different - those are two examples from the top of my head where you're actually just mimicking what is already on the market," Mr Bingham said.
BBC director general denied the charges, arguing that BBC Radio 3 is far ahead of its commercial rival when it comes to live music and educating the public.
What I learn from Radio 3, I am not going to learn about classical music from anywhere else.
And it's commitment to live music and music making is actually second to none.
"And also, Radio 3's commitment to finding new music and commissioning new works I think is also really important," he said.
Earlier this year, BBC Radio 3 controller Alan Davey argued that it has to work harder to engage audiences than it did in the past, because Britons are less educated about classical music.
However, Radio 3 was not the only element of the BBC's output which came under fire for treading on the toes of commercial rivals, during the Culture, Media and Sport select committee hearing.
Tory MP Damien Collins attacked The Voice - the musical talent show which the BBC bought in from Dutch producer Talpa Media at an estimated cost of £22million.
Can you see why that programme is often discussed because it is not original and it is not particularly distinctive?
Lord Hall insisted that the BBC1 show - which stars Paloma Faith and Boy George as judges - was produced "in a particularly BBC way."
He added that he wants the Corporation to "find a hit from our own in-house stable" next time it launches an entertainment series.
However, he refused to rule out ordering more series of The Voice in the future, or spending licence fee payers' money on other entertainment formats.
Internet sales increased at slowest ever rate in August and Black Friday may be to blame
First three months of 2015 saw seven per cent increase in online sales
Last month saw lowest growth rise since records began in 2000
Online sales bolstered three years ago by the use of mobile for shopping
Experts believe November's Black Friday could be holding back spending
For over a decade virtual shopping has been booming and turning many of Britain's high streets into ghost towns.
But experts say there are now signs that online sales are leveling off, after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015.
Total spending for August presented the lowest increase in growth since records began in 2000, with just a five per cent rise on last year.
Experts say there are signs that online sales are leveling off, after new figures showed just a seven per cent increase in the first three months of 2015
'If you look at growth levels for previous years and go back to 2000, it was always going to rationalise over time,' Andy Mulcahy, editor of IMRG sales index, told the Guardian.
He explained that online sales were bolstered three years ago when shoppers started using their mobile phones to make purchases.
It meant more people were able to shop online and that people could do it in different contexts, such as on the sofa.
But now that is plateauing a bit, you might see (growth) fall away.
The Black Friday phenomenon, which has been imported from America, is being cited as one of the reasons behind the slowing sales.
Experts believe shoppers could be holding off making purchases ahead of the event, which takes place on the last Friday in November .
Last year five times the average number of shoppers flocked to their computers to snap up deals crashing a number of retailers websites.
Experts believe Black Friday, which saw shoppers fight over bargains, could be holding shoppers off from making purchases
Research published by the British Retail Consortium found just over £1 in every £5 was being spent online.
For some products, such as TVs and washing machines, more than one third of purchases are now done through web stores.
At the same time, more than a quarter of people are buying clothes and shoes online, rather than using high street fashion chains.
Muslims bury those killed in Mecca crane crash as Bin Laden family sanctioned
Bodies of 29 of the dead carried through the streets by Muslims as the first funerals take place in Mecca
Come as Saudi Arabia has partly blamed the collapse on construction giant Saudi Binladin Group
The Health Ministry said a total of 394 people were also injured after the crane crashed down
Carried aloft through the streets, hundreds of Muslims gathered to bury 29 of the victims killed when a crane collapsed at Mecca's Grand mosque.
Dressed largely in white, mourners packed the route to pay their respects as the first of the dead made their final journey to Al-Moaissem cemetery.
The sad possession passed by the holy site, where just days earlier a construction crane crashed through the ceiling of the mosque and toppled onto worshipers.
The bodies were released for funeral as the Saudi King sanctioned the Bin Laden family construction group over the disaster, which also left 394 injured.
The bodies of 29 of the worshipers killed when a crane crashed collapsed at Mecca's Grand Central Mosque were carried through the streets
Among the dead was father-of-four Qasim Akram, from Bolton, Greater Manchester, who was on his first pilgrimage when the crane crashed down.
Mr Akram had been in the Grand Mosque with his parents ahead of the start of the annual hajj pilgrimage.
Saudi officials have already vowed that the hajj to Mecca will go ahead with thousands continuing to descend on the city.
Today, King Salman said the Binladin Group should not have left the crane's arm up when it was not in use.
An Arabic version of the decree, carried by the state-run Saudi Press Agency, said the Binladin Group was partly to blame for the collapse.
The news agency's English service did not report that detail, but did say leaders of the company have been banned from travelling abroad.
Earlier this week Salman vowed to reveal what caused the crane to topple into a courtyard of the Grand Mosque, where hundreds of thousands of Muslims have converged ahead of the hajj pilgrimage later this month.
Binladin Group has not released any statements about the crane collapse and its representatives have not been made available for comment.
The royal decree also blamed the group for not using up-to-date safety measures and failing to coordinate with meteorological officials.
Dozens of cranes surround Mecca's Grand Mosque, part of the massive construction effort headed by the Binladin Group.
The Binladin family has been close to Saudi Arabia's ruling family for decades and runs major building projects.
Al Qaida's late leader Osama bin Laden was a renegade son disowned by the family in the 1990s.
The crash came amid high winds and rain just days before millions arrive in the kingdom for the pilgrimage, which is required at least once in the life of every able-bodied Muslim.
Officials said 158 people remain in hospital.
Officials ordered one million riyals (£174,000) be paid to the relatives of those killed, and the same amount to those permanently injured.
Others injured will receive half that amount.
B&Q boss says Eastern European tradesmen working cheap is behind trend
Britons are increasingly employing handymen says Veronique Laury
Number of skilled tradesmen from Eastern Europe behind rise
Resulting in 200 more Screwfix stores, aimed at tradesmen, opening
At same time Kingfisher is closing 60 B&Q outlets across the country
By Rupert Steiner, Chief City Correspondent for the Daily Mail
Britons are said to be putting down their hammers and paintbrushes in favour of employing skilled Eastern European tradesmen to carry out work in their home
If you are handy with a hammer or a whizz at painting walls, it seems you are in the minority these days.
Because Britons are increasingly employing handymen to carry out DIY jobs in their homes, according to the boss of the company behind B&Q.
Veronique Laury, new chief executive of Kingfisher, which owns the home improvement chain, said a big rise in the number of skilled tradesmen from Eastern Europe offering services at rock-bottom prices is behind the trend.
As a result, Kingfisher is planning to open 200 more Screwfix stores, which are aimed at tradesmen, while closing 60 B&Q outlets.
Mrs Laury said she wants more women to be employed in B&Q shops because eight out of ten purchasing decisions in store are made by the fairer sex.
Currently the majority of staff are men.
She said there was a need to address growing demographic trends which have seen more single female households who are doing more home improvements than in the past.
Mrs Laury said: "We still have a majority of men working in our stores.
We need to move more towards a balance.
Fundamentally half of our customers are female with 80 per cent of the decisions over items purchased taken by women.
Women play a big part in the decision-making process.
Mrs Laury, who is one of only five women at the helm of Britain's FTSE100 index of leading firms, has also restructured her top team to reflect an equal number of men and women directors.
Kingfisher is almost alone in having exactly 50 per cent of its team staffed by women, including its chief executive and finance director.
Mrs Laury said: "This was a conscious decision - diversity is an important topic here.
It has not been difficult to find good women to put on our board.
Kingfisher posted a fall in both half-year profit and sales after the group shouldered the cost of shutting stores.
As a result of the trend Kingfisher, which owns Screwfix and B&Q, is opening 200 new stores
Officials from Aich-Dob in court for breach of trust
Two officials from the Austrian volleyball runner-up champion team Aich-Dob attended the Klagenfurt regional court on Wednesday to answer charges of breach of trust and tax evasion.
The defendants pleaded not guilty.
One of them had also also been charged with abuse of his position.
He was legally acquitted of this charge in May.
The current case was adjourned.
According to senior Public Prosecutor Robert Riffel, it emerged during preliminary investigations that in the years 2006 to 2011 the defendants used monies from the club's accounts, to which they had access due to their roles, for private purposes.
The loss is estimated at around €400,000.
The sports officials are also accused of financial offences.
The Chairwoman of the Lay Judge Senate, Judge Michaela Sanin, ordered proceedings on this fact to be postponed.
It will be tried at a later date.
On the charge of breach of trust, the defence argued that the club had never at any time suffered any pecuniary disadvantage
The sports officials had only offset expense allowances, and brought the sports club for which they worked from 1982 to 2011, and in which they had invested much time and money, out of debt - liabilities in 2001 amounted to around 600,000 Schillings (around €44,000).
"At that time we were faced with the situation of whether we should continue with the club or close it down," said one of the defendents, who makes his living as an auditor of large companies for the tax authorities.
With his colleague and co-defendant, he had then resolved to undertake this task.
With all the risks.
"We advanced money and deposited our life insurance policies with the bank as security," he said during the examination.
It was agreed with the club that they had a free hand to manage the money, but they were not permitted to run up any debts.
Furthermore, if there was appropriate financial success, retrospective payment of the expense allowance back to 1991 was agreed.
As a result, a part of the expense allowance was paid off years later, that is to say from the year 2003 when the account went into credit.
This is why general and not detailed debit entries appeared, was the former chairman's explanation for the processes.
The two defendants managed the accounts and passbooks together, said the second defendant.
The Judge asked why the payments had not been disclosed to the club in detail.
The club was not interested in details of the financial arrangements, it was only important that it should be debt free, was the answer.
When investigations into abuse of his position against one of the officers began in 2011, a sum of €120,000 was transferred into the club's account.
Those were reserves, explained the defendant.
This securities account was run in the name of the two defendants and according to a statement by the club its existence was not known to the club.
"Why?" the Judge wanted to know.
There was no answer to this for a long time.
Then he finally said that he had thought it would be best for the club.
Had something happen to him then nobody would have known anything about this money, the State Prosecutor put to the room.
The co-defendant knew about it, the official justified himself.
The purpose of the transfer was given as compensation for damages.
"Why compensation for damages?" the Judge and the State Prosecutor wanted to know.
In response, the first defendant said that he had disagreed with this wording because no damage had ever occurred to the club.
But what can I do when the lawyer says, "This lets us all off the hook"?
"Am I a legal representative?" he asked.
The official carried on that he had never received a cent in salary, he had only charged for mileage and a per diem allowance.
The club had set aside €1,000 per month for per diem allowances, which were in fact expenses which would have been much higher, he added.
The defendants were not able to provide accurate documentation for the earlier years.
This was no longer kept since an audit in which everything was properly assessed, they explained.
The second defendant had also obtained a mileage allowance.
All adjustments were made in cash, for which he had to drive from his home in Völkermarkt to the bank in Bleiburg, he explained in his statement.
The trial will continue on 23 September with the questioning of witnesses.
Hewlett Packard cutting a further 30,000 jobs
In addition to the job cuts that have been taking place for the past three years, the computer giant is going to lay off even more staff with the splitting of the company.
There seems to be no end to the job cuts at the US computer giant Hewlett-Packard (HP).
As part of its restructuring, the US technology group plans to lay off between 25,000 and 30,000 staff in its corporate customer section.
This should lead to cost savings of around $2.7 billion (€2.4 billion), the company disclosed on Tuesday.
The step will lead to a one-off charge of around $2.7 billion, which will be incurred in the fourth quarter.
The reduction of 55,000 jobs which has been taking place for three years is not yet completed.
At the end of the 2013/14 business year HP still employed around 302,000 staff.
At the end of trading Hewlett-Packard shares had fallen by 2.3 percent.
The group based in Palo Alto, California, which initially grew through its printer sales, is currently splitting its business: this year the computer and printer side will be combined in a new company, separated from the the promising areas of computer servers and data storage for business as well as other services.
Both operations will be listed on the stock exchange.
Repeatedly disappointing sales of PCs as well as a slow demand from business customers for their services have recently afflicted the world's second-largest PC manufacturer after Lenovo.
In the third fiscal quarter to the end of July, sales of PCs and printers fell by 11.5 percent.
Revenue dropped by eight percent to just under $25.4 billion.
This means profits have dropped in 15 out of 16 quarters.
HP responded to the changes in the industry with a split and massive layoffs.
The 76-year-old business headed by Meg Whitman has been slow to react to the rise in customers buying smartphones and tablets instead of conventional computers and equally carrying out business more and more online.
Whitman's plans for restructuring include around 55,000 job losses.
Conflicts: the majority support anti ISIS training mission
The majority of people, however, are opposed to direct involvement of German soldiers in combat operations in Iraq: 54 percent were against it, 35 percent have expressed themselves in favour.
Sixty-one percent reacted positively to other countries carrying out air attacks against ISIS in Iraq and Syria.
Twenty-four percent are against intervening in the conflict.
Fifty-one percent of those surveyed are against cooperating with the Syrian ruler Bashar al-Assad, but 20 percent were in favour.
Twenty-nine percent were undecided.
Cars: Second press day at the 66th IAA
At the centre of the exhibition until 27 September are interlinked, self driving cars as well as electro-mobility.
After two press days, Chancellor Angela Merkel will officially open the 66th International Automobile Exhibition, whose motto is "Mobility Connects", on Thursday.
The general public can visit the IAA from Saturday.
The organisers from the automobile Association VDA estimate that approximately 900,000 visitors, similar to 2 years ago, will attend.
Röszke: outbreak of violence on the Serbian-Hungarian border
The Hungarian police have used tear gas and water cannons against several hundred angry refugees on the Serbian border near Röszke.
Euronews correspondent Dániel Bozsik witnessed the outbreak of violence at the border control point.
He reported by telephone:
A group of refugees broke through the border.
A line of police was formed behind it and behind the police a water cannon stood at the ready.
Between 40 and 50 refugees started to throw stones, sticks and plastic bottles at the officers.
At first the officers used a continuous spray of pepper spray.
Then the police used tear gas.
A lot of tear gas was sprayed in the direction of the refugees.
This caused the group to break up.
The group has now reluctantly withdrawn.
A pregnant and obviously injured woman has been carried away from the area.
Children who have inhaled tear gas are screaming.
Other refugees have slumped down together and are suffering from respiratory distress.
The press spokesman for the Serbian police also sustained injuries from the use of tear gas and pepper spray.
Decision time on interest rates for US Federal Reserve
The world is watching as the US Federal Reserve meets over two days on Wednesday and Thursday, to take the crucial decision on whether or not to raise interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade.
A survey of 80 economists polled by Reuters found a little over half who only last week thought the Fed would go for it, now think it will hold fire a bit longer and keep rates at the current 0-0.25 percent range.
It's a historical event because it's been seven years since the Fed cut rates to zero.
For the first time we are approaching a situation where a major central bank might be able to get out of the zero bar and start a process of normalization of interest rates," said Angel Ubide, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
The US economy has been performing relatively well, the recovery adding trillions of dollars to the balance sheet and generating little inflation.
However the Fed cannot ignore the less rosy global outlook.
It has warned markets to be ready for a hike but indications are they also believe the odds are against such a move.
The decision is due to be announced at 20.00 CET on Thursday.
Delta State University shooter left note of apology
After shooting and killing his girlfriend in Mississippi on Monday morning - and before he shot and killed his colleague later that day - Shannon Lamb wrote a note to say that he was "sorry" for the first murder and wished he "could take it back," authorities revealed Tuesday.
Police in Gautier, Miss. said Lamb, a geography and social science education instructor at Delta State University, called 911 around 10 a.m.
Monday and said he had shot and killed someone.
Lamb told the dispatcher that police needed to send officers over to his home.
He said "I shot my wife last night" and also mentioned that there is a "sweet dog" in the house that is "not going to bother anyone" but is likely upset.
Police asked the caller his name, but he didn't give it.
Lamb did not provide an explanation for the shooting.
When police got to the scene they found the body of Amy Prentiss, 41, and a handwritten note from Lamb, 45, that said: "I am so sorry I wish I could take it back.
I loved Amy and she is the only person who ever loved me.
After writing the note, Lamb drove 300 miles to Delta State where he killed Ethan Schmidt, a history professor, before eventually taking his own life late Monday as cops closed in.
University President William LaForge said he didn't know of any conflict between Lamb and Schmidt but "obviously there was something in Mr. Lamb's mind."
Despite reports Monday that Lamb allegedly believed Prentiss was also romantically involved with Schmidt, authorities said Tuesday that there was "no information, no evidence" of a "love triangle."
Prentiss was described as a "good person" by Shawn O'Steen, who said he had been married to her for about seven years.
The two divorced 15 years ago, but remained friends.
O'Steen said he and Prentiss had a daughter, who is 19, and she was "devastated."
He said Prentiss and her daughter were "absolutely best friends."
Prentiss worked an online job from her home, according to Linsday Knowles, identified as a close friend of Prentiss by the Sun Herald.
Knowles said Prentiss, who had a hound dog named Lightning, had been dating Lamb for about three years.
"She always wanted to help other people," Knowles said.
Police said Lamb had phoned relatives at some point Monday to tell them "he's not going to jail."
When cops caught up with him on Highway 1 near Greenville later that night, Lamb pulled his car over, bailed out on foot, ran into the woods and shot and killed himself.
Lamb received a doctorate in education from Delta State in the spring of 2015, according to his resume posted on the university's website.
Stars who lost their mojo
The actor (left), pictured with his son Redmond (right), has had a stressful few years.
In 2001, he battled leukemia, and in 2009, he lost long-time partner, Farrah Fawcett, to cancer.
The actor has also reportedly struggled with drugs, and in 2008, he was busted for drug possession.
All that stuff sure does take a toll.
Eurowings: Lufthansa reconstructing group
Lufthansa is planning a major reconstruction of its group.
The Lufthansa group will save half a billion Euros per year through improvements to the organisation alone.
Reconstruction of the group will cost 150 of the approximately 1,000 managers worldwide their jobs.
Meanwhile new negotiations are being carried out with the pilots' union.
Lufthansa is reorganising the structure of its business and upgrading its low-cost subsidiary Eurowings.
The goal of the realignment is a contribution to profits of around €500 million per year from cost and revenue synergies, the airline announced on Wednesday.
Among other things, Lufthansa in the future will have no executive board for the passenger business.
The Eurowings budget airline will instead be developed to become as independent as possible.
In the future, Karl Ulrich Garnadt will be responsible for Eurowings on the management board headed by Carsten Spohr.
With this new realignment Spohr underlines the importance of Eurowings, with which the group wants to compete against Ryanair and Easyjet in the future.
Up to now the organisation of the 120,000 employees has been extremely complex.
The airline is consolidating the passenger airline group, which provides three quarters of the annual turnover of €30 billion, under one umbrella.
New negotiations with pilots
Following the strike which was halted on legal grounds, negotiations with the pilots' union Cockpit (VC) in the pay dispute will be resumed on Thursday.
This was announced by the union.
Under discussion will be the pilots' retirement scheme.
"In a year with record results predicted" Cockpit wants to come up with a viable solution as quickly as possible
The conflict between the union and the airline had led to a number of strikes over the past months.
Besides the pilots' transitional pension payments, the background is the "Wings" budget concept.
It proposes that in the battle against competitive routes Lufthansa outsources to the group's own budget airline, Eurowings.
Paintings by Leena Krüger are on view in the Künstlerhaus under the title "Morning Train to the South".
The Finn, who has long been a resident of Göttingen, has assembled a selection of untitled works, which encourage viewers to embark on an intellectual journey, for the Weisser Saal in the gallery.
Manchester United's Luke Shaw out for months with double fracture
Luke Shaw suffered a double fracture of his right leg during Manchester United's Champions League defeat at PSV Eindhoven.
While this left the full-back in tears and will rule him out for at least six months, Louis van Gaal remains hopeful Shaw could play again this season.
The injury was caused by a reckless tackle from Héctor Moreno in the 15th minute after the 20-year-old Shaw had burst into the PSV area.
He had nine minutes of treatment on the pitch and required oxygen before being taken to hospital.
Van Gaal said: "He has a double leg fracture and is in hospital."
He will be transferred tomorrow or maybe a day later and then operated on in Manchester.
It is awful - a boy who comes to Manchester United at 18, has it very difficult and then plays fantastically and then this happens.
When it was in the dressing room he had an oxygen mask on.
He was crying.
I am not a doctor but when you have a double fracture it is six months and he will not play in the group phase.
I hope he can play again this season.
Moreno appeared fortunate to escape a red card and the concession of a spot-kick.
Nicola Rizzoli, the referee, did not penalise the Mexican.
Van Gaal suggested the Italian official had erred.
You can judge for yourself when I say it is a penalty and a red card.
It was a very bad tackle with two legs.
A tweet on Shaw's account read: "Thank you everyone for your messages, words can't describe how gutted I am, my road to recovery starts now, I will come back stronger."
Related: Manchester United suffer Luke Shaw blow in defeat at PSV
The England defender will have an added incentive to recover with the European Championship in France next June.
Phillip Cocu, the PSV coach, said: "It's a very bad injury."
If any player goes off with this kind of injury, everybody is very sad about it.
It is never the intention of our players to injure an opponent.
Moreno suffered a broken leg when playing for Mexico against Van Gaal's Holland at the 2014 World Cup.
"He finds it very difficult because the intention was not to injure the opponent, and when you hear it is a very bad injury, it's not good," Cocu said.
For me it was not possible to see the moment.
The only thing I could see was the ball, which was heading in a different direction, so it looked like he [Moreno] touched it, but I couldn't see the tackle on Luke.
Speaking to SBS6, Moreno said: "I know how it feels, I know how difficult such a thing can be.
I feel very bad about it, I am so sorry.
PSV's Andrés Guardado was also taken to hospital following a challenge by Chris Smalling.
Surely David Cameron knows The Lorax better than this?
It's one thing any parent soon learns: when your child loves a book, it won't be long before you know it almost by heart.
Unless, it seems, you are David Cameron.
Asked by a provider of holiday childcare schemes to name his favourite kids' book, the prime minister opted for The Lorax, the 1971 environmental fable by Dr Seuss.
It was a difficult choice, Cameron writes in a message published on the website of the SuperCamps company, continuing: "Funny, moving, creative and with a powerful message, it's one I enjoy reading to my children because there always seems to be an image or a message that we have previously missed."
All very well, except that the subsequent paragraph in which Cameron supposedly describes the plot of the book instead gives a précis of the 2012 film version, which added new characters and detail to pad out the fairly brief original text.
"Set in the walled city of Thneed-Ville, where all nature has gone and even the air is a commodity, a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl, Audrey, by fulfilling her wish to see a real tree," it reads, chronicling a love interest unknown to Dr Seuss, real name Theodor Seuss Geisel, who died in 1991.
If that wasn't suspicious enough, Cameron's submitted text reads in part like a plot summary of the Lorax film provided on the Internet Movie Database website, which begins: "In the walled city of Thneed-Ville, where everything is artificial and even the air is a commodity, a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl, Audrey."
Given he is an avowedly hands-on parent, it seems unlikely Cameron is so unfamiliar with the book's plot, in which a young unnamed boy hears how the local environment was devastated by the avaricious, tree-chopping, thneed-knitting Once-ler, despite the protests of the eponymous Lorax, a squat, moustachioed creature who "speaks for the trees."
Most likely, such a relatively lowly PR task would have been outsourced to an aide, seemingly one who has never read The Lorax 20 times in a row to a child.
A Downing Street spokeswoman said the text was believed to have come from Cameron's constituency office.
SuperCamps confirmed that the text was provided from Cameron's staff, but had no further immediate comment.
Adam Lyth was clearly at risk of England omission but it's still tough
Taking on Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates is a tough assignment but after seeing the squad England have selected for the tour, a repeat of the 3-0 Test series defeat suffered last time does not look on the cards for me.
I wouldn't rule out an away win, either.
Alastair Cook's side may be less experienced than the one three years ago but there are good players of spin in that batting lineup and the collective mindset is strong; they will not carry scars from 2012, only a youthful positivity.
With the ball, Moeen Ali is developing as a spinner and Adil Rashid, even if he is an unknown quantity at Test level, represents an attacking option.
Related: Adam Lyth dropped from England Test squad and replaced by Alex Hales
The decision to omit Adam Lyth is obviously a tough one for me to analyse as his head coach at Yorkshire.
His seven Tests have been against two good attacks in challenging conditions and the simple but harsh reality is that cricketers are judged on output.
There were no question marks over Joe Root, for example, leading up to the announcement because - and I have said this before - players are their own best selectors.
A couple of half-centuries and Lyth might have seen his run extended but he was in control of his own destiny.
Hopefully if he punches out more runs for Yorkshire another opportunity will come along.
The England head coach, Trevor Bayliss, praised his attitude even when he was not performing as well as he can and that does not surprise me; he is a team man above all else.
The question of how long a Test batsman gets to make his mark is a tough one.
Lyth got seven caps - like Sam Robson before him - while Nick Compton got nine.
Only Compton got the chance home and away.
The only gripe you could have was that England went for Jonathan Trott in the Caribbean first - when Lyth was in top form - but that wasted opportunity is in the past now.
Alex Hales comes in and he is a batsman I rate highly.
He is an X-factor cricketer, which we at Yorkshire saw early this season when he made 236 against us on a Trent Bridge pitch that was doing a bit.
He must at least be afforded the same opportunity as those before him but this will of course depend on the make-up of the side in the UAE.
The idea of Moeen opening the batting alongside Cook, which would get the extra spinner in while keeping four quicks, has been floated and it is not something I am against.
I don't see why a strokemaker cannot bat there and this left-hander has already shown he is one hell of a cricketer.
Moeen may not have done the job for his county, Worcestershire, but he has been a No3 for them and there is not much difference.
My old team-mate Justin Langer played his first 38 Tests at first drop before stepping up to open in 2001.
He peeled off three centuries immediately and did not look back.
Zafar Ansari comes into the squad as back-up spinner and, in my limited dealings with him, he has struck me as very impressive young man.
People may look at his raw stats - averaging 31 with the bat and 35 with the ball - and think it's a punt but there are not a heap of spinners putting their hands up and selectors have opted for youth.
He will learn a lot on this tour.
Away from the squad, England look to have made a couple of shrewd additions to their coaching staff.
The appointment of Mahela Jayawardene, the Sri Lanka batsman, as a consultant for the Test matches could be a masterstroke.
He is one of the game's loveliest blokes, who will bring a wealth of experience having done it in all conditions and against all attacks.
Paul Collingwood comes in for the white-ball leg of the tour and will bring both energy and a ruthless streak into the setup.
I always felt he was born to be involved in international cricket, be it playing or coaching, and like Mahela has nous that can be tapped.
Sometimes new voices in the dressing room, even if the messages are consistent with what has been said before, can freshen up a side.
Colly's Durham team-mate Ben Stokes is rested for the one-dayers, Root was given a similar break against Australia and I for one have no issue with this.
While not everyone will agree, the coaches and selectors do not set the schedule.
And you have to remember, like players, their jobs are dependent on results.
Such decisions are never taken lightly.
Brexit camp might win the day if economy is in doldrums by 2017
David Cameron's half-baked renegotiation strategy for keeping Britain in the EU gets deeper into trouble with every day that passes, even without the election of genial Jeremy "Is it Yes or No?" Corbyn to the Labour leadership, or the TUC cutting up rough over Europe on Tuesday.
Foreigners have their Corbyns and Nigel Farages too.
A European diplomat chum explained the other day that, sunk in assorted crises as the EU is - not all of their own making - some member states are fed up with Britain's self-absorbed agenda of divisive concessions and disruptive treaty changes which they mostly don't want.
In Brighton for its annual bean, the TUC decided it didn't want them either if they eroded social protection.
We could even call it Dave and George's selfie agenda.
PM and chancellor rock up to summits or bilateral sessions in foreign capitals, take a photo of themselves in front of a famous local monument, with or without local grandee, then come home and say they are winning allies for reform.
It's all about me.
My European pal, who wants an outward-looking Britain inside the EU tent - "Don't leave us alone with France," says Berlin - suggests that more short-sighted ministers and officials in some capitals have got to the point where they don't care whether we stay or leave.
Angela Merkel, Germany's cautiously level-headed chancellor, is an ally, but has been in power for 10 years and wants to leave office before it goes bad for her, as it did for overstayers Thatcher (11 years), Mitterrand (14) and Kohl (16).
France's François Hollande is facing re-election or replacement in 2017.
He is a fading force too.
Poland may soon have a nationalistic government of the right, Spain one of the left.
It's hard to see them breaking a leg to help the Selfie Brits, whose energy might be better spent preventing Scotland leaving the UK - something they don't want either because most have similar separatist tendencies.
So some such ministers may even be planning to make deliberately unhelpful remarks, SNP-style, during the UK's 2017 referendum campaign to hasten the Brexit process, my pal suggests.
"The renegotiation was a fix" and "Britain got nothing of value out of the renegotiation."
The Europeans know to their cost how predatory Fleet Street can be and how EU-sceptic the oligarch press barons are, as they were not during the Tony Benn-inspired 1975 referendum which endorsed our 1973 entry by a ratio of 2:1.
They may dimly remember Boris Johnson, the arch Euro-opportunist, making his name as an "EU straight bananas" Brussels correspondent in the early 90s.
For all his foolishness Ed Miliband knew who his enemies were.
They included the medley of tax-shy rascals, phone-hacking foreigners and pseudo non-doms who own most of our great newspapers.
Actually Tony Blair thought much the same about them, but realised that when you're in a cage with a randy gorilla you have to pass the bananas to distract it from having you for lunch and again for tea.
In fact Miliband was more Blairite than Blair in opposing Cameron's referendum wheeze, since Blair had conceded the principle over the EU's aborted constitution, sunk by French and Dutch voters in 2005 who gave him a get-out card.
The press never forgave him that either.
But nice Jeremy Corbyn, who gave me a friendly pat on the back at Westminster on Monday - I told him he no longer has time to waste on me - seems to be in danger of re-adopting Neil Kinnock's boycott Murdoch strategy of the 80s, a mistake then and now.
It may take time, but he must develop a coherent strategy to engage with the media, not with me, but certainly with Andrew Marr whose BBC sofa he vacated on Sunday.
Corbyn's official position on Europe is what I will kindly call evolving.
He says he'd like us to stay in a reformed EU.
Well, most people outside Ukip's woad-wearing tendency and the wilder shores of Tory little Englanderism can probably say yes to that.
It's what Hilary "A Benn, but not a Bennite" Benn said on radio and TV this week as the boy scout in him struggled not to admit that Corbyn's appointment of abrasive John McDonnell as shadow chancellor was a bad idea.
It reminded me of the 70s, when his old dad struggled on TV to be disloyal to Labour cabinet colleagues without going too far and losing his cabinet job.
Hilary's struggle was more attractive.
But fighting to stay in "in all circumstances" - Benn's phrase - was not what McDonnell was saying, nor what JC told peers and MPs at their private meeting on Monday night, by all accounts.
Whatever the bottom-up, touchy-feely image Corbyn wants to convey - remember, he even touched me - message discipline remains important in the age of 24/7 TV and especially in the maelstrom that is social media, a hotbed of paranoia and betrayal.
It's fair enough not to give Cameron a free pass on Europe, allowing him to take Labour's support for granted in the referendum campaign, as McDonnell has said.
Simon Jenkins certainly thinks so.
But McDonnell and Corbyn's basic equivocation about EU membership - consistent with their Bennite siege economy, anti-capitalist past - is no longer just a matter of esoteric discussion among leftwing dissidents for whom the narcissism of small difference is a central tenet of doctrinal squabbles.
As with his equivocation over Nato - Tom Watson is adamant that JC won't campaign to quit - foreign diplomats will be obliged to try to make sense of it all for their masters at home.
Why should Paris or Berlin waste political capital - they have suspicious voters too - on concessions to Britain when it may all be pointless?
The US is already pretty disappointed with the Brits" feeble military performance in Iraq, Libya and Syria, even with a cost-cutting Tory government in power, as I was reminded at the launch of something called the British Influence Security Forum on Monday.
Experts criticise Public Health England e-cigarettes review
Claims by a government-funded agency that e-cigarettes are 95% less harmful than smoking arose from a meeting of 12 people, some with links to the tobacco industry, researchers have said.
Experts writing in the British Medical Journal (BMJ) joined the Lancet in criticising the evidence used by Public Health England (PHE) in its report on e-cigarettes.
PHE published the "landmark" report last month, describing it as a "comprehensive review of the evidence."
But several researchers have questioned the robustness of the data and pointed to links between some experts and the tobacco industry.
An editorial in the Lancet medical journal last month attacked the "extraordinarily flimsy foundation" on which PHE based its main conclusion.
Writing in the BMJ, two further researchers have questioned whether the claims were "built on rock or sand."
Martin McKee, professor of European public health at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, and Simon Capewell, professor of clinical epidemiology at the University of Liverpool, said: "A fundamental principle of public health is that policies should be based on evidence of effectiveness."
They said the public would expect PHE's claims that "the current best estimate is that e-cigarettes are around 95% less harmful than smoking" would be based on a detailed review of evidence and modelling.
In fact, it comes from a single meeting of 12 people convened to develop a multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) model to synthesise their opinions on the harms associated with different nicotine-containing products; the results of the meeting were summarised in a research paper.
McKee and Capewell said one sponsor of the meeting was a company called EuroSwiss Health, whose chief executive was reported to have previously received funding from British American Tobacco for an independent study.
He also endorsed BAT's public health credentials in a sustainability report, they said.
One of the 12 people at the meeting declared funding from an e-cigarette manufacturer but not the funding he was reported to have received previously from the tobacco company Philip Morris International, they added.
The rationale for selecting the members of the panel is not provided, but they include several known e-cigarette champions, some of whom also declare industry funding in the paper.
Some others present at the meeting are not known for their expertise in tobacco control.
The meeting was also attended by the tobacco lead at PHE.
The research paper produced by the group "tellingly concedes" there is a lack of "hard evidence for the harms of most products on most of the criteria," McKee and Capewell wrote.
However, none of these links or limitations are discussed in the PHE report.
McKee and Capewell said PHE's claims that "there is no evidence so far that e-cigarettes are acting as a route into smoking for children or non-smokers" were premature.
Prof Kevin Fenton, director of health and wellbeing at PHE, said the claims in the BMJ had been responded to before.
He said: "E-cigarettes are significantly less harmful than smoking."
One in two lifelong smokers dies from their addiction.
All of the evidence suggests that the health risks posed by e-cigarettes are small by comparison, but we must continue to study the long-term effects.
PHE has a clear duty to inform the public about what the evidence shows and what it does not show, especially when there was so much public confusion about the relative dangers compared to tobacco.
Nearly 80,000 people a year die of a smoking-related illness and smoking costs the NHS £2bn a year.
By spelling out clearly the current evidence - that while e-cigarettes are not risk-free, they carry only a fraction of the harm caused by smoking - we are fulfilling our national remit.
BBC should give up EastEnders, says former Channel 4 chief
The former Channel 4 chairman Luke Johnson has said the BBC should stop broadcasting programmes such as EastEnders and The Voice, saying its commercial rivals would "give their right arm" for hit shows such as the Albert Square soap.
Johnson said the licence fee should only be used to make the sort of programmes that are not made by other UK broadcasters.
He criticised the BBC for putting public service programmes likely to be watched by a smaller audience in tough slots against its rivals" biggest rating shows, and on channels such as BBC4.
After the BBC's director general, Tony Hall, said the corporation wanted to do more in partnership with other organisations, Johnson said he had tried for six years in his time at Channel 4 to do a tie-up with the BBC without success.
"I do struggle with the idea that the BBC commissions and broadcasts programmes that would clearly be shown by unsubsidised rivals," Johnson told the House of Lords communication committee, as part of its inquiry into the future of the BBC.
If you keep the licence fee, which I'm not sure in the medium or long term is a good idea, it should reduce its output at least to programmes that others aren't making and commissioning.
They broadcast The Voice in a prime slot because they want to gain as broad a support as possible for its future.
The idea that no one else would show that is a joke, it's ludicrous, it's obviously nonsense.
Johnson said: "I don't see why a regressive tax should fund programmes that could be funded without subsidy.
The Voice is one, EastEnders is another, admittedly made in-house.
Frankly other channels would give their right arm for it.
I struggle to see how it's public service broadcasting.
I don't think that would diminish the BBC at all.
Johnson, a serial entrepreneur who led Channel 4 from 2004 to 2010, said the BBC was guilty of chasing ratings "because of the ambitions of people who work there, and because they believe that is the best way to secure long-term support."
His comments about the BBC's most popular shows echo those of former Sky executive Tony Ball, who used his MacTaggart lecture in Edinburgh in 2003 to propose that the BBC sell off shows such as EastEnders.
Johnson said the BBC's more niche public service programmes "go on to BBC4 where quite often you can't measure the audience but they fulfil their remit and they can argue when they go on their sanctimonious missions about justifying £4bn in licence fee income, "Well of course, we do all these obscure programmes that no one watched."
They put them on a slot where no one was ever going to watch them.
On the licence fee, Johnson told the committee: "I challenge you to find a more regressive system in terms of who gets the best value from it.
Of course you all think, we all think, £150 a year is great value, but for people for whom £150 is a lot of money I wonder if they do because they don't consume a lot of the BBC.
Former Sky and Channel 5 executive David Elstein, who also gave evidence to the committee on Tuesday, said the BBC should revise its Reithian mission to "inform, educate and entertain."
He said little of the BBC's output was now formally classified as education - he said it was 1% of its TV output and 0.1% on radio - and it should take a lead from public service broadcasters in Australia and Canada and change it to "inform, enlighten and entertain."
On the issue of partnerships, Elstein said the BBC should do more in areas such as the Proms, of which he said only a handful were shown on TV, and enter into alliances with commercial broadcasters to make them all available to watch online.
'Sonogenetics' allows brain cells to be controlled by sound waves
The video shows how the nematodes change direction the moment they are blasted with sonic pulses.
Scientists have bred worms with genetically modified nervous systems that can be controlled by bursts of sound waves.
The tiny nematodes change direction the moment they are blasted with sonic pulses that are too high-pitched for humans to hear.
The pulses work by switching on motor neuron cells that are genetically modified to carry membrane channels that respond to ultrasonic waves.
Related: Researchers read and write brain activity with light
Researchers said the worms demonstrate the power of a new procedure, dubbed sonogenetics, in which ultrasound can be used to activate a range of brain, heart and muscle cells from outside the body.
Sreekanth Chalasani, a researcher at the Salk Institute in La Jolla, California, told the Guardian that the procedure could one day replace deep-brain stimulation, an invasive procedure that delivers electrical pulses into people's brains to treat symptoms of Parkinson's disease.
Nematode worms do not usually react to ultrasound, but Chalasani found that they did when they were surrounded by a fluid containing microscopic bubbles.
The bubbles, he found, amplify the ultrasonic waves which then pass inside the worms.
The amplified ultrasound waves act on structures called TRP-4 ion channels, found in the membranes of some of the worms" cells.
The sound waves make these ion channels open up and activate the cells they are attached to, according to a report in Nature Communications.
To make ultrasound-controlled nematodes, Chalasani genetically modified the worms so that some of their motor neurons carried TRP-4 ion channels.
When he applied ultrasound to the modified creatures, the sound waves were amplified by the microbubbles and transmitted into the worms, where they switched on the modified motor neurons.
The procedure has some similarities with optogenetics, a groundbreaking tool that allows scientists to switch neurons on and off with pulses of light.
But Chalasani said that sonogenetics could have some advantages over that technique.
Unlike light, which has to be sent down an optic fibre to the desired location inside the brain, low frequency ultrasound waves can pass through tissue unhindered, and so can be sent into the brain from on top of the skull.
"We believe that, using gene therapy and a therapeutic virus, it may be possible to make target human neurons temporarily susceptible to the ultrasound signal in a clinical setting for certain neurological treatments," said Chalasani.
Other applications could focus on muscle cells and insulin-producing cells, he added.
Illegal torture equipment - right on your doorstep!
The adverts shaming Britain's arms trade
Watch Amnesty International's anti-arms fair video.
Horrific killer drones!
Ankle-shattering leg irons!
Cluster bombs!
And electric stun batons that cause excruciating pain but leave no trace!
The cheery voice and cartoon imagery leave no doubt that this advert for the world's biggest arms fair is a sharp spoof, produced for Amnesty International to highlight the British government's willingness to flog weapons to repressive regimes via the Defence and Security Equipment International's jamboree at the ExCeL Centre in London's Docklands.
Related: DSEI weapons fair: authoritarian regimes descend on London
But a separate campaign is also leading to many posters cropping up at bus stops and on tube trains that require a second glance.
"Important announcement, Travelling on the DLR from 15th to 18th September?" reads one, using London Underground fonts and branding with the DLR line turning into the image of a tank.
This September, a swarm of arms dealers will be descending on the DLR ... Customers are requested to help stop the arms fair.
The 300 posters are by artists who exhibited work at the Museum of Cruel Designs in Banksy's Dismaland.
A collective called the Special Patrol Group helped distribute it around London using "Ad Space Hack Packs," a £6 pack of Allen keys which it claims "gain access to around a third of bus stop advertising space on the planet."
Transport for London is not amused by this flyposting "vandalism."
One of the spoof ads produced by the Special Patrol Group collective.
According to Gavin Grindon, curator of Cruel Designs and a lecturer at the University of Essex, artists are becoming more questioning and seeking to take political work to audiences outside galleries.
A lot of artists are moving to work with activists within protest movements, realising they have to get out in the real world for their art to have an impact on society.
Another of the anti-arms trade posters greeting commuters on the tube.
The Amnesty video has been watched more than 100,000 times in 24 hours via Facebook and was created by ad agency VCCP working pro bono, with the graphic designer and voiceover artist also working for free.
VCCP creative director Matt Lever was struck by the silence surrounding the advertising of the arms fair - with a blank space on ExCeL's calendar - and thought: "Let's give them the campaign they are trying to avoid."
They toyed with creating a more realistic dodgy corporate advert, but "by ramming it home with bright colours and animation, it was more arresting."
"They've done a fantastic job in helping us raise concerns about the selling of illegal torture equipment at the fair," says Tom Davies at Amnesty.
What we need now is for the UK government to take action and ensure that torture equipment is not illegally traded on our doorstep.
Perhaps the most creative art surrounding the arms fair comes from inside ExCeL, where exhibitors flog fantastically euphemistic products.
In a press release, Saab revealed an order from the US army for "the shoulder-launched AT4CS RS."
This includes a "unique shaped-charge warhead that delivers outstanding behind-armour-effects inside the target."
Whatever that does, it won't be pleasant.
Eight golden rules for living in student halls
It's been 11 years since I moved into student halls as an oblivious 19-year-old, still believing in berets and moral relativism, but it's only now I recall the strained smiles of those I annoyed - and the numerous, lengthy complaints about others.
Most of what I learned can be distilled into eight simple rules.
Moving into halls can range from mildly nerve-racking to totally terrifying.
It's tempting to babble: telling people where you're from, whether and where you took a gap year, where you stand on Corbyn and why you "honestly neither love nor hate Marmite because seriously guys it's just yeast extract HAHAHA I'll be in my room."
Take a breath.
And help others take one too - ask questions and show interest.
It steers the conversation and helps you to scout out the people you like versus those you wouldn't talk to even if your eyelashes were on fire and they were dispensing extinguishers.
Give people space.
People's rooms often morph into drinks receptions, movie-night venues and communal hangout spots, but they're also where people get dressed and adjust their underwear.
Related: Don't even think about starting university in a relationship
Introverts get a raw deal at university.
Your room should be a retreat, yet many halls form an inter-room-strolling culture that's friendly, social and conducive to lifelong friendships.
That can be hell for someone who's trying to recharge.
Nothing in the culture allows you to say, "I like you and I want our friendship to continue, but I need you to go away so I can get back the energy I've expended on interacting with you."
Try to sense when a fellow student is exhausted from socialising - and maybe text instead of knocking.
Speaking of knocking: do it.
One guy in my student halls had a policy that if a door wasn't locked he was invited in.
He saw some things.
Make friends through baking.
Since you're starting uni at the height of Bake-Off mania, knocking on people's doors to introduce yourself with a plate of brownies seems marginally less weird, less 1950s "Welcome to the neighbourhood, I baked you something, now smile as I ask you personal questions."
Offering homemade treats is a great way to make friends.
Your housemates will feel obliged to chat, and may end up associating your face with a tasty surprise.
Obviously this is subject to you being a decent baker.
Poorly-fused lumps of flour, sugar and fat are more likely to make people pretend to be asleep when you knock.
Stealing food is a common crime in student halls.
Obviously nicking someones chicken is theft, but is taking a drop of milk for your tea stealing?
Double check with the milk owner.
Chances are they'll tell you to help yourself even if they're seething inside.
If someone steals your stuff, it's annoying and you have my sympathies - but try to deal with it more maturely than my hallmate, who tainted her milk with washing-up liquid to punish those who stole it.
She's in jail now.
You shouldn't make noise that keeps people from sleeping or studying.
This isn't just to be a decent human, but because you are the proverbial people in glass houses.
A girl on my corridor asked her neighbour if they wouldn't mind turning down the drum and bass because it was 3am and she had an exam in the morning.
They responded by turning it up.
When they finally shut up at 5am, she kindly let them sleep for two hours before blasting her own music, locking her door as she left for her three-hour exam.
Wouldn't it be romantic if your future spouse happened to move into the same hall as you?
Conversely, wouldn't it be knuckle-bitingly awkward if you mistook a hallmate for your future spouse, hooked up, broke up and had to see them every day and possibly watch them get custody of all your mutual friends?
Of course, the heart wants what it wants - but if a hot hallmate is definitely not your future spouse, try to at least talk some sense into your groin.
In the exhilarating moment you realise someone's left their keys inside their unlocked room, the line between pranking and bullying is finer than it seems.
A good prank is funny, but takes moments to reverse.
Teach a valuable and amusing lesson about security by hiding something - but never trash someone's room with toothpaste and shampoo.
Lock their door and put their keys in a glass of water, which you then put in the freezer - but don't Blu-Tack their possessions to the ceiling more than twice.
Terraced houses for refugees, single parents, low earners
Property entrepreneur Markus Gildner is building terraced houses in the Middle Franconian town of Eckental for people who do not have much money.
For example for refugees – but also as a sign: "Not only refugees need accommodation, but also single mothers and people on low incomes."
"I am demonstrating how it is still possible to build economically and well nowadays," says the 44-year-old in an interview.
Thousands of refugees are pushing their way onto the housing market.
Entrepreneur Marcus Gildner believes he knows how quickly economical housing can be developed: with this project he is building terraced houses for refugees.
Mr Gildner, thousands of refugees are coming onto the housing market.
What solution are you offering?
Markus Gildner: Mass accommodation in containers and gyms is not sustainable.
Because most of the people will be staying here.
We will also need sufficient housing space to accommodate the influx of refugees over the next decades.
A totally standard three-storey terraced house is the solution.
Gildner: A terraced house needs little space.
It facilitates integration.
It is different when the people are housed in blocks of flats.
Each of the six houses which are currently being built in the pilot project consists of three living units each for four asylum seekers.
Each living unit has two bedrooms, one bathroom, one kitchen and a lounge.
It's possible that many refugees will say; now that peace has returned I'm going back.
Then the houses can easily be converted for different uses.
What are the costs?
Gildner: The price for 160 m² of living space per house amounts to €184,000 without land.
That is manageable.
Construction took six months.
That is reasonable.
Did building regulations complicate your plans?
Gildner: I carried out my project in accordance with building regulations.
The sword of Damocles threatening special building projects, and parking space regulations, always make it complicated.
Scary.
It is still assumed that anyone creating three flats in a terraced house needs at least three parking places.
Except that there is not enough space in towns.
And refugees and asylum seekers have no cars.
How have residents reacted to your terraced house project?
Gildner: There were some who accused me of building luxury accommodation for asylum seekers.
That is definitely not true.
But aren't you making the competition for affordable housing worse?
Gildner: The truth is over the last five years we have had a building boom in Germany, but it is luxury accommodation that has been built, which hardly anybody can afford any longer.
My project gives the message that normal people need housing space too.
Not only refugees need accommodation, but also single mothers and people on low incomes.
I am demonstrating how it is still possible to build economically and well nowadays.
This is what it is about.
Marcus Gildner (44) studied microsystems technology in Regensburg and initially worked in environmental analysis.
iOS 9: how to get new iPhone operating system, as Apple update is released
The new operating system can be requested by heading to the Settings app, tapping "General," and then selecting "Software Update."
If it's ready, the phone will give you the option to download and then install it.
Some have run into problems after that installation, being hit by an error message telling them that "Software update failed."
To get around that, users are recommended either to wait for the rush to die down, or to try and upgrade through iTunes.
The phone itself will guide you through the rest of the process.
That might include deleting apps to make space - but Apple has made that less likely by slimming down the update, and also easier to do using a special tool that will suggest apps to delete and then re-install them once the process is over.
It's worth ensuring that your phone is charged or near a charger while the update happens, so that it doesn't run out of battery.
If the charge is too low, Apple won't let the update go ahead, since the phone dying halfway through could lead to the update breaking.
Read more: iOS 9 release still on track despite WatchOS delay iOS 9 review: the least exciting and best update ever iOS 9: how to prepare for new iPhone operating system
You should also make sure that you've been through our checklist of all the things to do before you download, to try and stop things going wrong and protect against them if they do. iOS 9 brings new features including a much cleverer personal assistant and huge new productivity features for the iPad, as well as tweaks that speed up and fix the operating system.
Rosberg's only motto: full attack
Nico Rosberg knows only one motto in his fight for the Formula One world championship title against his clearly leading Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton: "Full attack".
The world championship runner-up stressed before the start of the decisive seven overseas races "that I've got nothing more to lose".
Before the night race in Singapore this Sunday, 53 points divide the vice world champion from the titleholder and two times champion Hamilton.
The Brit has already won seven of the 12 races of the season to date and is also starting the floodlit Grand Prix in the city state as favourite.
In 2009 and in the preceding year the 30-year-old Brit was able to win the race.
Whether the current smog in the city state will have any influence on the Grand Prix in Singapore is as yet unclear.
A pall of smog has been hanging over the city for days, caused by fires on the neighbouring island of Sumatra.
Bad Kissinger chess club has a prominent member
The "Chess friends of Bad Kissingen" chess club, founded three months ago, has admitted another member to its ranks, taking the number of members to 19 players.
The new member is businessman Paul Gauselmann, a passionate chess and tennis player, who has stayed in Bad Kissingen more than 40 times for spa treatments.
Gauselmann is a holder of the Federal Cross of Merit 1st class and is a freeman of the towns of Espelkamp and Lübbecke.
Gauselmann supported the chess club in Bad Kissingen with a donation which was accepted by chairman Alfred Klein.
This makes it possible to take on members who cannot afford the membership fee
Youth work and talent searches can also be pursued.
Gauselmann wants his membership of the chess club as well as his friendly contact with the "Red-white" tennis club to be seen as an expression of his ties with the spa town.
Accommodation office seeks face-to-face contact
Saludis and the Antonistift retirement centre have grouped together under the mantle of a social foundation and opened a new contact point on Graf-Stauffenberg-Platz.
In addition to obtaining advice it is also possible to participate in courses there.
The social foundation is moving down from the mountain into the town centre.
More precisely, to Graf-Stauffenberg-Platz.
A new accommodation office will be opening there shortly.
Here, directly next to the shopping centre, senior citizens and other people seeking advice can with immediate effect receive information on issues such as nursing insurance or the services of nursing and health insurance companies.
With our outpatient care service we have for years realised that family caregivers are often left alone.
This raises numerous questions.
"Not infrequently, too, many services provided by insurers are not used because the complexity of the insurance is so difficult to understand," the new manager, Jutta Weigand, who as head of the services division for old people's welfare is also responsible for the Antonistift and the Bürgerspital as well as for "Amadeus" outpatient services, explained.
Apart from advice, the new accommodation office also offers courses in prevention, health and wellness.
Saludis has been taken on board for this.
As a result, additional offerings such as prevention of falls, memory training or physiotherapy treatment are also available.
The offers from the senior citizens centre and from Saludis complement each other perfectly.
Saludis represents prevention, precaution, and rehabilitation.
"The senior citizens' centre for care and nursing," is how Heike Riedel, managing director of Saludis describes it.
Both managers see the reason behind the opening of the new accommodation office in the town centre as democratic change,
as this makes a good decentralised infrastructure in the individual districts of Bamberg essential in the future.
Furthermore, as Mayor Wolfgang Metzner (SPD) underlined at the opening ceremony, the accommodation office is also dedicated to dealing with the isolation of old people. "There are numerous activities and offers on the programme and these extend invitations to regular social gatherings".
Thus the social foundation makes a big contribution towards making senior citizens as independent as possible and towards enabling them to live well in their familiar environment.
The accommodation office is open Monday, Wednesday and Friday from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., Tuesday and Thursday from 4 p.m. to 6 p.m. and Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m.
Eintracht Bamberg vs Würzburger Kickers on 6 October
It's now official: after the fixture for the FC Eintracht Bamberg match against third leaguers Würzburger Kickers could not be settled due to repair works at the Fuchspark stadium, the date has now been set for 6 October.
The meeting between FC Eintracht Bamberg and third league FC Würzburger Kickers in the last 16 of the Bavarian football pools cup is now finally scheduled.
The match will kick-off on Tuesday, 6 October at 7 p.m. in Bamberg's Fuchspark Stadium.
"We are happy that we now know when the match is going to happen; we can make plans now," says FCE team manager KarlheinzHümmer, confirming that ticket sales are now open.
It's something special for our team to be playing against a third league team.
We are hoping to get a large number of spectators, and not without reason, because floodlit games have a special appeal.
FC Eintracht Bamberg moved into the last 16 with their victory against district league no. 1 FC Oberhaid (3:1) and at home against regional league no. 1 FC Schweinfurt 05 (3:2).
The winner of the competition receives €5000 and qualifies for the first round of the DFB club cup 2016/2017.
The defending champions are SpVgg Unterhaching, who have been relegated to the third league.
Viennese architect Karl Mang dies at the age of 92
Karl Mang, one of the doyens of Viennese architecture, is dead.
He died on 5 September at the age of 92, according to the Künstlerhaus on Tuesday.
In Meng the Künstlerhaus has lost an honourary member and at the same time "one of the most important architects of the second half of the 20th century in Vienna," it is reported.
Born in Vienna in 1922, Meng studied architecture at the Technical University in Vienna under Friedrich Lehmann during and after the second World War.
He worked from 1952 as a freelance architect, but was also a teacher, writer and institute director.
From 1972 to 1983 he was President of the Austrian Institute for Design.
In the 1980s he was commissioned with the establishment of the treasury chamber in the Vienna Hofburg and the renovation of the Palais Lobkowitz in the Austrian Theatre Museum.
Parking penalty: Tim Wiese throws money at traffic warden
Ex-footballer Tim Wiese attracts the wrong sort of attention in Bremen
He was once a footballer but now Tim Wiese, ex-national goalie for Germany who also played for Bremen and Hoffenheim, is a wrestler.
According to him he wanted to put on 30 kg of muscle mass in the past two years.
On the other hand he hasn't put on any intellectual weight.
Wiese was just having his hair cut in the centre of Bremen when outside he saw a traffic warden putting a penalty notice on his white Chevrolet Camaro.
Wiese stormed out of the hairdressers, abused the officer and threw down the money for the fine at her feet, according to a report in the "Bild" newspaper.
The accusation has been confirmed by the town of Bremen but it is not yet known what the consequences of this extraordinary incident will be.
"The matter is still being investigated," says a spokesperson for the town of Bremen.
Only after that will it be decided whether charges are going to be pressed against Wiese.
Authorities in Panama destroy 4500 marijuana plants.
The fertile ground and the rainforest climate of Isla del Rey are ideal for growing marijuana plants.
Three days ago the authorities in Panama tore out the 4,500 plants and burnt them.
Men set upon 17-year-old Afgan
Police are seeking witnesses to an incident in Bad Soden-Salmünster. At about 11.45 on Friday evening, three young men were walking from Bad Soden in the direction of Salmünster.
According to police one of the group, a 17-year-old Afghan, was walking about five metres behind his friends and called out to them for them to wait for him.
At this point the group were level with the bft petrol station.
Three people were standing on the petrol station premises.
One of these men shouted at the youth and hit him in the face with his fist.
This broke the victim's nose and his nose bled heavily.
One of his two friends ran to him and begged the attacker to let the victim go.
The injured young man was taken home by his friends.
The perpetrator followed the group to their home in a car and drove past it several times in an ostentatious manner.
As soon as they could no longer see the car, the injured man went outside the building to smoke a cigarette.
There he was attacked again by his original attacker and another male.
Using a club, they beat the victim in the face and upper leg.
The injured man had to be taken to hospital for medical care.
Up to now there is only a vague description of the perpetrators.
One was a man of about 5ft 11in tall.
The second attacker was about 5ft 5in tall and was dressed in jeans and a brown and white shirt.
Police are asking any possible witnesses to contact them by telephone on 0049 6181 100 123.
Dr Frank Müller takes over Felstehausen practice and invests €310,000
Sylvia Müller-Gongoll and Frank Müller (from left) take over practice from Karl-Heinrich and Ursel Felstehausen.
The mayor of the joint community, Bernd Bormann, business sponsor Uta Seim-Schwartz and Asendorf's mayor Heinfried Kabbert are delighted at this turn of events.
Many areas in the country have no doctor – Asendorf by contrast is fortunate: on 1 October Dr Frank Müller is taking over the Felstehausen practice.
While Ursel Felstehausen is retiring, her husband Karl-Heinrich will spend the next few months working part-time with his successor.
Dr Müller reopens the practice on 12 October after a period of renovation; by then he will have invested €310,000 in the premises at St.-Marcellusstrasse 6.
When the Felstehausens met Frank Müller and his wife Dr Silvia Müller-Gongoll, who at the time were finishing their residencies in Verden hospital and also wanted to take on a practice in the next few years, they liked each other immediately
"It was always in the back of our minds that the Müllers would fit into this practice well," says Dr Ursel Felstehausen and laughs.
"When we were ready, I simply called them up."
The Müller couple liked the idea of running their own practice in Asendorf in the future.
"The proximity and the continuous contact with the patients are attractive to us," says 39-year-old Müller.
"We want to get to know the families and support them over the years."
He also sees being his own boss as a benefit.
And so it was agreed that the Müllers would buy the house with the practice.
However in the meantime they are living in Bruchhausen-Vilsen.
Father of two Frank Müller also grew up there and after his medical studies in Hanover he worked in a number of medical practices as well as in hospitals in Sulingen, Nienburg und Rotenburg.
He is currently working as a consultant in Sulingen, furthermore he was appointed chief emergency doctor in the county of Diepholz in 2009 and was involved on a voluntary basis in the blood donation service in Bruchhausen-Vilsen.
From 19 September the practice will be preparing for the new boss.
While surgeon Dr Karl-Heinrich Felstehausen worked as a general practitioner, his wife Ursel (a specialist in internal medicine) specialised in gastroenterology.
The Müllers, both specialists in internal medicine, wanted to establish themselves as general practitioners.
"So it's out with the endoscopy," says 38-year-old Sylvia Müller-Gongoll.
After the conversion the rooms will look more modern.
We will offer more ultrasound examinations as well as long-term and stress EKGs and we need one more consulting room.
The IT system will also be completely renewed.
The Müllers are receiving a grant totalling €50,000 as part of a funding programme from the county (€2,500) as well as from the joint community (€12,500) and the local authority (€12,500).
"This shows how proud and happy we are that the practice will carry on," stressed the mayor of the joint community Bernd Bormann.
According to Sylvia Müller-Gongoll, some 2,000 patients visit the Felstehausen practice every quarter; in north Germany the average practice sees about 500.
There is another GP practice in Asendorf.
Frank Müller says that there is another side benefit of their taking over the practice: according to Ursel Felstehausen, the chemist will stay in Asendorf.
If they hadn't found any successor, it would have closed down.
Anyone visiting the Müllers' surgery will also first of all see familiar faces: they are taking over the seven medical assistants and the cleaner from the Felstehausens.
With their leaving, an era ends in Asendorf; after all the doctors have had their practice there for 30 years.
"We started with only two rooms," remembers Ursel Felstehausen with a grin.
After such a long time she feels a little wistful.
"But we'll still be living in Hohenmoor and I'm sure we will be seeing many of our patients often," says the internal medicine specialist.
Her husband adds with a smile, "We've got a 6000 m² garden."
"Up to now I haven't done much gardening, that might change now."
The couple also have two grandchildren and enjoy travelling.
Croatia: "We are letting the refugees through"
"Border control is being brought in now on our southern border too," says Interior Minister Johanna Mikl-Leitner.
In parallel, checks on the Hungarian border remain in place.
It is still a priority that anyone wanting to claim asylum can "of course" do so.
The care and safety of people is paramount.
It is equally clear "that obvious signals are needed," says the minister.
People must know that we do not accept an unlimited flow of migration, and not over the Austrian-Slovenian border either.
A controlled procedure is required
Croatia is considering a "corridor" - Slovenia has refused.
The Croatian government had earlier announced that Slovenia also wanted to let incoming refugees travel through towards Austria and Germany, and also potentially establish corridors for the refugees.
However, Interior Minister Vesna Györkös Znidar in Laibach did not see it in quite the same light.
The idea of corridors is "absolutely unacceptable," Sloveina intends rather to step up its surveillance of the borders - especially the border to Hungary.
The border with Croatia, as the external border to the Schengen area, is however already heavily controlled.
But as the Minister stressed, Slovenia is not suggesting sealing its borders for refugees.
"Every member of the EU has to fulfill its obligations, otherwise the system cannot work," stressed Györkös Znidar.
According to the Croatian government, the first refugees attempted to enter Eastern Croatia on Monday night over the Tovarnik/Sid border crossing, in order to avoid registration.
The Croatian police were able to pick them up in the nearby maize field.
Since then, according to local media, police vehicles are constantly coming across new refugees in Croatian Tavarnik.
They are mostly Syrian and Afghans, among them many women and children.
The emergency sevices and the Red Cross are also already in place.
Interior Minister Ranko Ostojic says that his country is expecting around 4000 refugees in the next few days.
In addition it was reported by both Croatian and Serbian media on Wednesday that buses from Presevo on the Macedonian-Serbian border, which have up to now taken migrants to the Hungarian border, are being diverted to Croatia
The government in Belgrade denied, however, that it is the case that they are giving people instructions to take certain routes. "We neither can nor want to do that," they stated.
According to media reports, at least one bus with around 50 refugees arrived in the Serbian border town of Sid in the early hours, and in the course of the day more buses are expected.
Over Croatia, Slovenia and Austria to Germany
The detainees were travelling the entire night through Serbia from the Macedonian border, about 500 kilometres away.
"We heard that Hungary is closed, so the police said we should come here," said one of the refugees.
They wanted to go through Croatia, Slowenia and Austria to get to Germany.
This implies that a shift in the former Balkan route through Turkey, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia and Hungary to a route somewhat further to the west, which observers have already predicted, could actually now be happening.
Croatia: "Widespread options for border control"
Croatian Interior Minister Ostojic had previously stressed that his country has already prepared appropriate plans for potential exceptional situations in the event of a large influx of refugees.
He gave no details, but he indicated that Croatia, as a non-member of the Schengen Treaty, has "widespread options for border control."
Rigorous checks are carried out in order to qualify for membership in the Schegen area.
Slovenia has been a member since 2007, since when its EU partners have presented a consistently good report on the country as far as border controls are concerned.
There are also some 300 refugees stuck on the Serbian side behind the Hungarian border fence.
According to media reports from Belgrade, they spent the past night at the Horgos border crossing, which leads to Röszke.
The Hungarian authorities claim that both the Horgos and the Backi Breg border crossings also remain completely closed.
Whether the remaining refugees now want to travel on to the Croatian border is still not clear.
At a local appearance on Wednesday morning, the Serbian Interior Minister, Nebojsa Stefanovic, tried to reassure people: he considers the debate on the refugees' alternative routes after the closure of the Hungarian border to be premature.
At the moment there is not a large number of refugees involved.
It is not yet possible to say whether they will continue their journey over Hungary, Croatia or another country.
Aid workers advise migrants to take - dangerous - alternative routes.
But private Hungarian aid workers have already started to distribute maps marked with alternative routes through Croatia to refugees
The border crossing between Serbia and Croatia is however not without danger: in parts of the border region, even 20 years after the end of the Croatian war, there are still uncleared minefields.
On Wednesday afternoon the Croatian police announced that a team of minesweepers has been sent to the border region.
Stock exchange hacker: Ukrainians pay $30 million
Supranonok belonged to a ring of cyber criminals who since 2010 have repeatedly been accused of providing inside views of as yet unpublished financial reports and press releases on websites such as Business Wire, Marketwired and PR Newswire.
The information provided enabled insider dealing on the financial markets.
By this means, according to investigators, a total of over $100 million was scammed.
"Current information indicates that even those outside our national borders have finally been caught," an SEC report states.
Proceedings against 32 other suspects in this case are continuing.
Most of the accused come from the Ukraine and Georgia.
The perpetrators were operating out of both the USA and Eastern Europe.
Ecumenical Hospice Care celebrates 20 years in Mannheim
Business rules around the Paradeplatz in Mannheim
People carry out their errands, some of them walking briskly, some of them strolling along in a leisurely fashion.
They head for the two branches of the Mannheim car showroom.
Trams stop.
Pulsing, vibrant life in the brilliant autumn sunshine, and right in the middle are four big blackboards each bearing the words, "Before I die I want to…"
The Ecumenical Hospice Care organisation is carrying out this campaign to raise awareness of their 20th anniversary, and is encountering extremely mixed reactions.
"It's about life, which is why we are carrying out this campaign in the middle of the town, right among the people," says Josefine Lammer.
The head of Ecumenical Hospice Care is also available to answer questions from and have discussions with passers-by, as are voluntary workers.
While many passers-by impulsively grab the chalk and complete the sentence with "affirm my life", "be able to read", "drive through the USA in a camper van", "stop war" or "not suffer for long", others stop briefly, read, say things like "I'm not ready for that yet", and carry on.
Again and again little discussions develop in corners about the campaign itself, about life, about dealing with dying.
Peter Hübinger is also there now.
"It's only when I consider that some day the end of this world is going to come for me that I can live responsibly," says the Director of the Protestant social charity Diakonischen Werk in Mannheim, which is a responsible body along with the Caritas Association for Ecumenical Hospice Care.
Which is why these high visibility campaigns are good for the 20-year-old organisation.
Of course it's understandable that not everyone wants to share their message publicly on the blackboards; in the end it's a very personal matter.
The topics of life and death are still steeped in taboos, according to Josefine Lammer's experience, although the hospice movement even over the last few years has done much to help people to accept it.
A perception shared by Angelika Godefroid.
The volunteer worker, who helps people to deal with death and grief, has been with the organisation from the start.
Having been confronted with personal experiences of these issues she read a lot of literature and decided she wanted to get involved in helping people who are dying.
When the Ecumenical Hospice Care organisation appealed for volunteer helpers, she signed up immediately and was with them when they started up in 1995.
Godefroid belongs to a team of 45 volunteers - 43 women and two men - who help those people affected and their relatives in private households, hospitals, care homes and in the Sankt Vincent Hospice.
They are all carefully trained.
Angelika Godefroid is particularly well suited to handling this job and the experiences and everything it entails.
"I see life from a different point of view, I believe it is precious and I seize the moment," she says.
The outpatient services offered by the Ecumenical Hospice organisation are free of charge and denominationally independent.
Financial support from health insurance companies and donations by members enable education as well as training sessions, and training and supervision for palliative care providers and grief counsellors.
Training for new staff is offered every two years.
The blackboards, with the messages written on them on Saturday, are now on display in the Evangelical church (M1, 1a) and the Catholic church (F2, 6).
Anyone who wants to can also write their own personal wishes on postcards there.
FedEx earnings mixed, lowers fiscal 2016 outlook
FedEx reported disappointing results for its latest quarter, and the delivery giant cut its full-year profit forecast on weaker demand for freight services and higher costs in its ground division.
The company also said it plans to hire about 55,000 seasonal workers for the holidays.
At this time last year, FedEx announced it would hire 50,000 seasonal workers for the holidays.
Its shares fell about 2.5 percent in premarket trading 45 minutes ahead of Wednesday's opening bell.
FedEx Corp. said that it expects to earn between $10.40 and $10.90 for the fiscal year that ends next May, down 20 cents from an earlier prediction.
Analysts expected $10.84, according to a survey by FactSet.
The reduced outlook comes despite rate hikes averaging 4.9 percent, which will take effect Jan. 4, and higher surcharges for ground shipment of heavy or large packages, which begin in November.
The company said it still expects earnings to grow over the previous year because of cost-cutting, higher revenue and growth in online commerce.
Chairman and CEO Fred Smith said the company was "performing solidly given weaker-than-expected economic conditions, especially in manufacturing and global trade."
The holiday-hiring plans were announced a day after rival UPS said that that it plans to hire 90,000 to 95,000 extra workers, about the same that it hired last year.
In the quarter that ended Aug. 31, FedEx earned $692 million, up 6 percent from a year earlier.
Earnings per share amounted to $2.42, short of the $2.44 per share average forecast of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research.
Revenue rose 5 percent, to $12.3 billion.
Six analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $12.23 billion.
FedEx has been hit in recent years by a decline in priority international shipping, which has caused revenue in its Express unit to stagnate.
But the boom in online shopping has boosted results at FedEx Ground.
In the latest quarter, ground revenue rose 29 percent but operating income was basically flat on higher costs for larger packages and self-insurance.
The express unit saw higher income because of higher base rates, while income fell in the freight business on higher labor costs.
In premarket trading about an hour before the opening bell, FedEx shares were down $3.85, or 2.5 percent, to $150.15.
They closed Tuesday down 11 percent for the year and 17 percent below a record high on June 11.
At their most anticipated meeting in years, Federal Reserve policymakers will spend two days this week seated around a 27-foot Honduran mahogany table deciding if it's time to raise a key interest rate for the first time in nearly a decade.
Looming over them at one end of the central bank's ornate, two-story boardroom will be a mural of the United States.
The map is a reminder that Fed Chairwoman Janet L. Yellen and her colleagues are supposed to put the nation's economic interests above all others.
The central bank has a dual charge from Congress: maximize U.S. employment and keep prices here stable.
But since the Great Recession, Fed leaders have acknowledged that there's an unwritten third mandate: financial stability.
And that third mandate could be the X-factor in a too-close-to-predict decision, to be announced Thursday, about whether the U.S. economy is ready to start being weaned from the unprecedented stimulus provided by the near-zero short-term interest rate in place since late 2008.
Even though most data show the economy growing solidly, the recent turmoil in global financial markets could make already-cautious Fed officials skittish about adding to the volatility by raising their benchmark federal funds rate - even by no more than a mere quarter of a percentage point.
"Obviously the labor market and inflation is going to be first and foremost the most important thing they watch," said Lindsey M. Piegza, chief economist at brokerage firm Stifel Nicolaus & Co.
"But I think if they were looking for an excuse not to raise the rate, the increased uncertainty surrounding the global marketplace is enough to provide them with justification to wait further," she said.
There's no consensus about what the Fed will do, which in itself is causing financial market jitters.
About half of economists surveyed recently by Bloomberg predicted a rate increase this week.
Financial markets, however, are expecting the Fed to hold off, with a key indicator showing only about a 30% chance of a boost.
That would point to a stock market drop if the Fed raises the rate, unless policymakers were to soften the blow by promising that another increase would be a ways off.
On Tuesday, the Dow Jones industrial average jumped 228.89 points, or 1.4%, to 16,599.85.
The rally was triggered by expectations that Fed policymakers will hold the rate steady this week, said John Lonski, chief economist at Moody's Capital Markets Research Group.
"It would be a surprise if the Fed hiked rates at this point in time," he said.
If Fed policymakers did, "they would have to go to great lengths in their policy statement to hold financial markets' hands so they don't panic."
Other experts argued that a rate increase would calm financial markets because it would remove uncertainty about when the Fed would act.
Just a month ago, the Fed seemed on track to raise the rate by 0.25 percentage point this month, the first small step in a slow tightening of monetary conditions that would validate the strength of the U.S. recovery.
Yellen had said through the spring and early summer that she expected a rate increase this year despite complaints from liberals that more economic progress was needed.
Although job creation slowed in August, labor market growth has been solid this year.
The unemployment rate dropped to 5.1% last month, the lowest in more than seven years and near the level the Fed considers to be full employment.
Wage gains have shown signs of picking up.
And although inflation continued to run below the central bank's annual 2% target, Fed policymakers said a key reason was the temporary effect of sharply lower oil prices.
The economy "can cope with higher rates, and needs them, given the tightness of the labor market," said Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics.
But financial markets around the world started convulsing late last month after China devalued its currency.
The Dow Jones industrial average dropped as much as 16% below its record high in May as investors feared a slowing Chinese economy would drag down global growth.
The market has rebounded somewhat this month, with the Dow now down nearly 10% from the May high.
For Fed policymakers, the market turmoil adds to the complex calculus of when to raise the interest rate.
"Absent what happened in financial markets and the news about the weakness in the Chinese economy over the past couple weeks, they would be tightening at this meeting," said Stephen D. Oliner, a senior research fellow at the UCLA Ziman Center for Real Estate and a former Fed official.
Now, he predicts they'll wait at least a month to get a better handle on the effects.
"There's a lot of uncertainty about what the impacts on the U.S. economy are going to be, and they have almost no data to rely on that post-dates the developments in China," Oliner said.
The health of the global economy isn't one of the Fed's primary concerns, so technically it shouldn't be factored into its decision-making.
But, in effect, the Fed has become the monetary authority of the world.
The central bank's influence in recent years has been enormous.
The mere hint by then-Chairman Ben S. Bernanke in 2013 that the Fed might "taper" its monetary expansion triggered market convulsions around the globe.
In a world where markets and economies are increasingly intertwined, Fed officials can be expected not only to monitor the developments elsewhere but also to consult with other central bankers and experts to get a better read on the global economy.
Its decision-making process is "more art than science," said Zachary Karabell, head of global strategy for wealth-management firm Envestnet Inc.
Jeffrey Lacker, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, Va., noted this month that "the Fed has a history of overreacting to financial market movements that seem unconnected to economic fundamentals."
Lacker, a voting member of the policymaking Federal Open Market Committee who has been pushing for a rate increase, cited decisions in 1998-99 as an example.
A financial crisis in Asia led the Fed to cut its benchmark rate by 0.75 percentage point over three meetings "despite limited identifiable implications for U.S. growth," Lacker said.
A year later, Fed officials reversed those cuts.
The Fed should put financial stability concerns first only during a major crisis, such as the 2008 market meltdown, said Adam S. Posen, a former member of the Bank of England's rate-setting committee.
The latest turmoil doesn't come close to that level, he said.
"You certainly don't want to be put in a situation of being scared of a rate hike because markets got upset," said Posen, president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
The Federal Reserve Act still has the dual mandate and does not mention financial stability, and until that is changed, I don't think they should get ahead of the curve.
Need a great Thai market?
Try LAX-C in Chinatown.
Yes, Chinatown
The market/warehouse opened in 1997 and is owned by LAX-C Inc.
Frequently referred to as the Thai Costco, LAX-C is a wholesale Thai market that also sells to the public.
Yes, it's in Chinatown and not Thai Town.
The market/warehouse is a one-stop shop, offering an dizzying array of fresh, frozen and dried goods, popular Thai and Asian snacks, and kitchenware, furniture, religious and holiday decorations.
There's even an automotive section if you need to pick up some motor oil.
The store is massive, and it will take over an hour to comb through all the aisles.
If all that shopping makes you hungry, grab a meal at the LAX-C BBQ Express.
The store's indoor food stall (good, inexpensive) is near the registers, and has various takeout options.
What it stocks: Need something - anything - Thai?
LAX-C probably has it.
Items are reasonably priced, and a number of items are sold in bulk.
Fresh produce includes specialty Asian and regional Thai herbs, fruits and more.
The meat counter is extensive, as is the fish - the staff behind the counter will clean and fillet fish, and even fry it for you if you'd like.
A good portion of the store is given over to the massive freezer section, where you'll find frozen curry leaves, bitter melon and galangal, whole ducks, fish, beef blood and bile, pork casings, fish balls, regional sausages, commercially-prepared foods and more.
Who shops there: Restaurant owners and chefs, also single families and individuals.
The wide aisles accommodate both shopping carts and forklifts.
The find: Fresh monthong durian next to the checkout stand.
Where is it: The store is in an industrial part of Los Angeles hugging the outskirts of Chinatown and Downtown - a few blocks away from Philippe The Original.
Parking: LAX-C has its own lot, which it shares with other shops and restaurants.
While the store can get busy, parking is usually not hard to find.
Hoyerswerda: a bit of help for refugees
These days more and more refugees are arriving in Germany.
To prepare a warm welcome for them is not just a matter of the commitment of countless voluntary helpers.
In Hoyerswerda there is also a whole range of people who unselfishly support asylum seekers in the town.
Among these are Petra und Klaus Heine.
Petra Heine is a dedicated teacher.
Even at 74 she still loves teaching.
Every Thursday she goes to the refugee centre on Dillinger Strasse.
There she helps refugees from Syria, Kurdistan, Kosovo and Pakistan to learn the German language.
Of course these lessons are very different from those at a proper school.
Brazil's Pediatric Society of Rio Grande Promotes Healthy Breastfeeding Diets
Brazilian pediatric organization SPRS has come up with a shocking way to try and get women to understand the importance of good nutrition while breastfeeding, by featuring images of babies suckling from breasts painted with depictions of unhealthy food.
Human breast milk is composed of a variety of proteins, fats, vitamins, and carbohydrates, which give babies all the nutrients they need to grow a strong immune system.
Due to excess energy requirements, pregnant women and new moms are advised to increase their daily calorie intake by about 500 calories per day.
However, new research suggests that increasing calorie intake is not the only dietary adjustment mothers should make.
A recent study conducted by Robert Waterland, a professor at the Baylor College of Medicine in Texas revealed that healthy diets of pregnant women actually affected the genetic expression of their babies and protected them from developing tumors.
Unfortunately, unhealthy diets were found to negatively affect the child's immune system.
Exceptions for the new Bernried sports hall
Bernried district council has approved the planning application for the €2.3 million sports hall.
And it is making an exception.
The roof may be flatter to accommodate a solar energy system.
Planning for the long-awaited sports building on the Bernried sports ground are moving ahead step by step: in the latest council meeting the planning application was approved unanimously without any great discussion.
The committee had earlier agreed, among other things, to an "exception", or rather an "exemption" under building law to the applicable building plan.
The "exception" refers to permission for a special shape for the roof structure.
According to this a "gable roof with an off-centre ridge and roof overhang" will be constructed.
The background for the plan is the planned use of the roof surface for solar panels. "This means we will have a wonderfully large south-facing roof," explained mayor Josef Steigenberger at the meeting.
The "exemption" on the other hand refers to the roof pitch, which for energy reasons - contrary to the stipulations in the development plan - will be less than 10 degrees.
This will reduce the volume of the hall.
Therefore an "exemption" is necessary, since the development plan allows no "exceptions" with regard to roof pitch - while the Bernried council as a rule has a more restrictive approach to requests for exemptions.
The sports hall is however more of a recurring project. "We are not setting a precedent with this," says Steigenberger.
The hall at the sports centre is a joint project between the district and SV Bernried.
Costs have been calculated at around €2.3 million.
Contributions are expected through funding from schools and popular sports.
In the next step of the project, the planning application for the 18 x 36 metre hall will be presented to the district administration for review.
Peissenberg Clinic moves to Schongau.
The Peissenberg Hospital is closing earlier than planned – in 2016.
At the same time Dr Wilhelm Fischer (66) will become the new medical director at the Schongau Hospital.
The wards and the majority of employees are moving to Schongau from Peissenberg.
This allows for the district's limited company hospital's surprising plans, confirms district administrator Andrea Jochner-Weiss.
The Board of Directors, however, will come to a decision about this and they meet next Wednesday, 23 September.
If these plans are implemented, then all the nearly 50 employees at the hospital in Peissenberg will remain in employment.
The vast majority will move with Fischer and the internal medicine ward that still continues to exist to Schongau.
The premises are available.
Those employees who are not able to go to Schongau will be offered positions in Weilheim, according to Jochner-Weiss.
Employees have been informed about the plans.
The changes were triggered by the resignation of Dr Andreas Eder, who has been clinical director of the Schongau clinic since the beginning of the year and is now moving to a private practice in the immediate vicinity of the hospital.
When the question of who his successor should be, according to Jochner-Weiss, the name of "Fischer", who had declared that he was prepared to take over leadership from 1 October and move with his team to Schongau, was raised.
For the Schongau hospital, these changes mean an "upgrade" and an expansion of the services offered in the field of internal medicine, says Jochner-Weiss.
Fisher is a specialist in cardiac pacemakers and defibrillators.
Schongau (180 beds) specialises in gastroenterological disorders in its internal medicine department.
In the transitionary period over the next two years Fischer and his team, if the Board of Management agrees to this, will run both establishments, and in the next year the former miners' hospital in Peissenberg, which still has over 35 beds, will finally be closed after almost 140 years.
Thus far the district has planned this for 2018, when the currently ongoing restoration of the Weilheim hospital is finished.
District administrator Jochner-Weiss, who is also Chairman of the Board of Management, contradicts rumours that the building, which is owned by the Federal Association for Miners, will in the future be used as accommodation for asylum seekers.
"I can rule that out." What will happen to the building, Jochner-Weiss cannot say; that needs more consideration.
At the moment a Caritas short-term care facility and a daytime psychiatric facility are housed there.
"It's the best thing that could have happened for us; we won't get this sort of opportunity again," says Fischer about the move to the Lech, which has been accepted "positively and with understanding" by employees.
Real prospects for the building where Fischer has worked for over 30 years as chief physician do not really exist.
He was asked by his colleagues at Schongau to take over the post of medical director.
The Piessenberg hospital, which once had 100 beds, has been constantly under threat of closure over the last decades. Departments have been closed, for example surgery and obstetrics.
The handballers of Rhein-Neckar Löwen are being challenged this evening (8:15 p.m.) at Bergischer HC.
The leaders of the Bundesliga are the clear favourites in Wuppertal, however there are no grounds for arrogance.
In the past season the Baden team suffered a painful defeat at BHC and they have some ground to make up there.
Two injured in hunting accident near Pratau
Two tractor drivers were seriously injured when they were shot during the maize harvest on Tuesday afternooon.
A number of huntsmen were in action on a corn field near Pratau (Wittenburg district) during the harvest, according to police.
After shots were fired, two men, one 63 and the other 22, suffered severe injuries and were taken to hospital.
The precise cause of the accident was initially unclear.
Criminal investigators are trying to determine the details.
Missing 16-year-old from Rhineland-Palatine the victim of violent crime
A suspect has led the police to the body of a 16-year-old from Rhineland-Palatine who has been missing since Saturday.
When questioned the 20-year-old admitted to having killed the teenager and thrown her body into a canal in Rockenhausen.
Sixteen-year-old missing from Rhineland-Palatine since Saturday is the victim of a violent crime.
The body of a young woman was found on Tuesday evening in Rockenhausen near Kaiserslautern the public prosecutor's office and police reported on Wednesday.
A 20-year-old suspect, who confessed to the crime and led investigators to the site where the body was found, was arrested also on Tuesday evening.
The 16-year-old was reported as missing Sunday morning when she did not return home as agreed after attending an autumn party in Rockenhausen.
In their search for the young woman, investigators initially found personal items belonging to the victim.
Interviews with the missing girl's circle of friends and acquaintances ultimately resulted in 20-year-old becoming a suspect.
The presumed perpetrator then led the police to a canal in Rockenhausen, where the body was found.
Under interrogation the arrested man confessed the police that he had killed the 16-year-old and thrown her body in the canal.
The 20-year-old will be brought before the magistrate on Wednesday; investigators have reduced the charge to one of manslaughter.
Further investigation is being carried out regarding details of the exact circumstances of the crime
Refugees need accommodation: study warns of housing gap
The situation in the German housing market is tense
And more and more refugees are seeking an affordable place to stay.
Pressure on the housing market is growing.
Social housing is facing a challenge.
The struggle for allocations in the German housing market began long ago.
With the arrival of refugees and job seekers from the EU, more and more people are crowding into a market which in many large towns is already overburdened.
They are competing with residents on low incomes for the last affordable homes.
To supply the demand for affordable homes, 400,000 new units must be built every year up to 2020.
This is the conclusion reached by a study commissioned by the "Social Housing" federation of associations.
In comparison, 260,000 units were completed in this year in Germany.
This amounts to a shortfall of 140,000 homes.
After the first three months of their stay, refugees are no longer obliged to live as asylum seekers in initial reception accommodation.
Many then push onto the housing market and stand in long queues in front of rental flats.
According to the German Federal Statistical Office, however, in the last year fewer than half of all asylum seekers have lived as tenants.
The negative development in the housing market, however, is not just due to the increasing numbers of refugees.
The study points to significant failings in housing policy over the last year.
Germany has a housing deficit which increases every year.
There is a current shortfall in urban areas of around 770,000 living units laments Matthias Günther, author of the study.
This is why many professionals in large towns are forced to live in flat shares.
Due to the slump in the housing market, young adults of necessity live longer in "Hotel Mama".
In large towns over the last few years, the number of square metres per head has decreased for the first time.
In order to solve the problem, the "Social Housing" alliance suggests a fresh start.
New incentives should revive social housing.
For example land transfer tax could be waived and the land tax for sponsored housing temporarily suspended.
In addition, according to the association, attractive tax depreciation possibilities are necessary.
The KfW state bank's refugee funding programme has already been well received in towns and local authorities.
On Monday evening, a good week after start of the programme, €184 million – more than half of the around €300 million which had been made available – had already been requested.
The project may now even be stepped up.
Refugees have safe conduct: Croatia and Slovenia put corridor in place
Since Hungary has virtually stopped letting them through, the choice of more and more refugees is the route over Croatia.
Zagreb has announced that they will allow passage over Slovenia towards the north without obstacles.
However the route is dangerous.
Croatia wants to come to an agreement with neighbouring Slovenia about the establishment of a corridor for refugees.
"I have spoken to the Slovenian Minister for the Interior, and if necessary we will organise a corridor," said Croatian Minister for the Interior Ranko Ostojic.
Slovenia lies between Croatia and Austria and already belongs to the Schengen zone.
EU member Croatia is not yet a Schengen country.
After the sealing off of the Serbian Hungarian border, hundreds of refugees set out for Croatia in order to reach West Europe from there.
Five hundred people came over the border at Tovarnik, reports Croatian television station RTL.
Hungary had cordoned off its borders for refugees the previous day.
Moreover, new laws which came into force on the same day make fair asylum proceedings in Hungary practically redundant.
Croatia wants to let the refugees pass through.
The Croatian Prime Minister Zoran Milanovic explains, "They may pass through and we are preparing ourselves for this possibility".
These people are there, they are women children and men who want to live and to achieve something.
They are however people who do not want to live in Croatia.
The Croatian police picked up the first refugees on the Serbian border to EU neighbour Croatia in the morning.
According to media reports most come from Syria, Iran and Afghanistan.
They arrived at the Serbian border town of Sid both by bus and in taxis.
Immediately after their arrival they tried to reach the green border to Croatia on foot.
At the Croatian-Serbian border the refugees did not come across border fences.
The border strips hold other dangers: there are still active mines there from the Yugoslavian civil war in the 90s.
It is now planned for minesweepers to quickly create a safe passage.
Meanwhile after the closure of the border hardly any more refugees come to Hungary.
On Tuesday police counted 366 people that they had picked up.
Shortly before the closing of the gate on Monday the number was 9,380.
The new Hungarian laws classify climbing and damaging the border fences as criminal offences.
This has led to 35 criminal proceedings being initiated in the South Hungarian border town of Szeged.
Those convicted are threatened with sentences of up to five years and extradition from the country.
According to the immigration authorities, a total of 94 asylum applications was accepted in the new "transition zone" set up at the border, almost all – 93 – at the biggest crossing at Röszke.
Among the applicants were 13 families with small children and two older people.
On Wednesday morning another 40 refugees were stopped there.
In practice, however, nobody else has a chance of being granted asylum in Hungary.
According to opinion in Hungary, Serbia is "a safe third country".
The rejected asylum seekers will be deported there.
Only a few hundred refugees now are gathering by "the transition zone" in Röszke.
Workers have begun to clean up in Röszke.
They are collecting the rubbish that tens of thousands of people have left lying at the sides of the roads over the last weeks.
Crowd barriers are being dismantled and one of the reception centres in the border town is being rebuilt.
No one wants to talk about the goal of this rebuilding.
After the closure of the border between Serbia and Hungary, Austria is getting only a few refugees.
Furthermore the country has strengthened its border controls.
According to the goverment, around 20,000 migrants are still in the country.
In Salzburg, some 1,400 people are waiting to travel on to Germany.
The train service from there to Germany was stopped in the morning on the instructions of the German authorities.
In Freilassing one regularly meets small groups of refugees on foot.
Mayor drives "stranded people" over the border
"We were busy cleaning up after the Bridge Festival on Sunday, when suddenly there were ten people standing at the entrance to the tent with suitcases," says Mayor of Wernstein Alois Stadler.
Tourists who wanted to get to Passau by train.
Because Germany had unexpectedly stopped train services to Austria on Sunday due to the influx of refugees, their journey had come to a halt in Wernstein," says Stadler, who immediately offered his help and together with two other helpers and their cars chauffeured the stranded people over the border to Passau.
Before that we entertained our surprise guests with snacks and drinks.
We said at once that we would take them to Passau by car.
"It was a matter of course for us," says Stadler, talking to OÖN.
They were very grateful.
One man insisted on handing over a generous donation - €100 for the fire brigade.
"We were very pleased about that," says Stadler.
The stranded train passengers had changed trains in Wels on Sunday evening from an ICE train to a regional train to Passau after the surprise announcement that train services to Germany had been suspended, in an attempt to cross the border anyway.
But the regional train was stopped before the border in Wernstein am Inn.
In Wernstein, excursions over the border are generally very popular.
The Bridge Festival is a joint effort between Wernstein and Bavarians from Neukirchen; the Bridge Festival Association organises the social event on Sunday and an athletic two bridge walk the day before with their Bavarian neighbours.
The fact that Viktor Orbán is sending us tens of thousands more is a logical result of his hypocritical policies:
Instead of providing immediate help to the Röszke camp by constructing structures which ensure a level of humanity, our Chancellor has officially and publicly moved the Hungarian government's stance closer to an atmosphere of national socialism.
It is not only those Austrians who are now confronted with chaotic conditions in the border areas who are victims of the policy.
Those who have fled, too, must notice that the "promised land" which had invited and welcomed them is not considered another refugee camp.
It will be a huge challenge, in the light of the continuing flow of refugees and the approaching winter, to create humane conditions for asylum seekers.
There is a still greater one - maintaining peace, security and stability in Austria.
Konrad is looking for winter-proof accommodation for 35,000
Konrad has his hands full with the hosting of refugees.
Christian Konrad is used to the fact that his word carries weight.
The government has engaged the former powerful Raiffeisen banker to establish accommodation for thousands of refugees.
Konrad has already got to grips with the chaos in the Traiskirchen reception centre.
"We no longer have any homeless people in Traiskirchen," he reported on his first achievement.
And the accommodation of the 20,000 refugees who arrived in Austria on Monday happened without any great fuss, said Konrad, praising the organisational "masterpiece".
The Minister of the Interior, however, talked of a "critical situation".
In total, Konrad estimates that accommodation for 85,000 will be required in the current year.
In order to meet this figure, accommodation for another 35,000 must be found in the next weeks - 20,000 to be provided for by the states and 15,000 by the federal government.
If there are more refugees, we can manage.
"But it is not a bottomless pit," says Konrad.
He has already carried out talks with the State Governors.
They have assured him that accommodation will also be found for the next refugees to arrive.
"It is going well in Austria," says Ferry Maier.
The former VP mandatary is assisting Konrad.
Tomorrow there will be a meeting with Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, in which it will be confirmed how the Church will help.
The asylum coordinator has also got high expectations of the ORF "Help the way we are" campaign.
Private individuals can offer simple accommodation over this platform.
It is also hoped that this will include hotels, which are often empty in winter.
Konrad and Maier yesterday critisised the specifications for accommodation as "too high".
In times of need it should not be necessary for those providing accommodation to have to comply with certain heights for towel rails or sizes of skylights.
"Emergency standards" should apply for a limited period.
Konrad uses his experience as justification for why he, in contrast to the Ministry for the Interior, should be successful with the accommodation.
I am an older man, and nobody readily tells untruths to my face
His most important weapon is the power of persuasion.
Konrad and Maier are not costing the Republic anything, as they themselves explain.
The want to raise the number of their staff from three to four.
Their own search for accommodation has not yet been successful.
Konrad wanted to set up a container on Stephansplatz as an office.
But apparently there are problems with obtaining approval.
Linz demanding a better allocation
For the time being the city of Linz is not planning to open new sports halls and other buildings such as the Tips Arena or the Design Centre as accommodation for refugees.
At the moment this should not be necesssary, as the people in question can currently be accommodated without these measures, says Mayor Klaus Luger (SP).
But in case of emergency further locations need to be checked for their suitability.
The town chief is criticising the allocation of refugees within the federal states.
Other districts should also make their own contributions.
Seehofer: "Borders will not be cordoned off"
In a long telephone call with Bavarian Prime Minister Horst Seehofer (CSU), State Governor Josef Pühringer(VP) on Monday agreed to further action on the issue of refugees.
Seehofer has assured me that the German borders will not be cordoned off.
The onward journey of refugees into the Federal Republic continues to be possible.
However appropriate border controls do now exist.
There will now no longer be any special trains with refugees travelling to Germany.
Those seeking protection will however be brought to Germany with regular trains.
Pühringer once more called for increased solidarity in the refugee issue from the other EU member states.
The fact that Austria is also now reintroducing controls at its borders is for Pühringer "a logical consequence" of Germany's approach.
The next Runtastic is only a matter of time
The general renovation of the "Neuen Werft" in the Lintz industrial area is officially finished.
The publicly listed IT group S&T has moved into four of the six floors of the office and manufacturing building. It is planned that the rest (2700 m²) will be rented to young, innovative businesses in the technology sector.
"In IT clever heads are our raw material – and we must try to get them to work for us," says S&T boss Hannes Niederhauser.
He can imagine investing in start-up businesses in Neuen Werft, and also later acquiring these.
S&T wants to collaborate with the new neighbours from the start – and Niederhauser promises: "The next Runtastic is only a matter of time".
SMT is investing €1.7 million in the location and €3.3 million is coming from Techcentre, a third of which belongs to each of the town of Lintz, the state of Upper Austria and the federal government (FFG).
The building is leased by Linz AG to S&T and Techcentre for 60 years.
Thirty percent of the remaining 2700 m² in the building is already rented out and there have been enquiries about the other 40 percent.
Owner of Lia Peroni opens second business in the arcade.
In the new shop the focus is on Furla handbags.
Jutta Breit actually wanted to get a dog.
The 49-year-old proprietor of Lia Peroni in the Taubenmarkt arcade had to unceremoniously postpone this plan: now she has finally expanded by taking on new premises
In the Furla shop opposite the business where she sells among other things bags, cases, shoes and garments from different manufacturers, everything now revolves around Furla women's handbags; purses can be obtained starting at €75.
Larger bags and accessories cost up to €500.
The new shop opened yesterday.
It has been converted over the last few weeks.
"I have been considering for a long time whether I should open another shop," says Breit.
Crucial for this decision was among other things that the Furla manufacturers, who are based in Bologna, were impressed with the idea of their own location where only their handbags are sold.
"We are the only people in the greater Lintz area who sell this brand," said the mother of two daughters, who herself has Italian roots.
Breit got her interest in fashion from her mother, when she was still in the cradle.
It suits me best if something emerges and I can show new trends at affordable prices.
The expert can with absolute certainty give me the answer to the question of why so many women go into raptures at the sight of a beautiful handbag.
Perhaps it's because a beautiful handbag can enhance any outfit.
The braggart from Kallstadt
The Palatine ancestors of Donald Trump came from a place whose inhabitants are known as braggarts.
This characteristic also connects many with the billionaire who wants to become US president.
Donald Trump (69) is always the source of controversy.
Whether he is expressing xenophobic opinions, being rude to journalists or revealing gaps in knowledge on crisis politics, the US presidential candidate creates a stir in the election campaign.
And comes out of it well.
This is also something that happens in the Palatine town of Kallstadt, from where the property billionaire's grandparents originate.
The New Yorker with the blow-dry hairstyle is a concept to many in the winemaking village on the wine route.
Many in the village of 1,200 inhabitants are related to him.
His grandfather came from Kallstadt in the Palatine: Donald Trump, here in election campaign mode.
Simone Wendel, a resident of Kallstadt, has made a film about Trump.
And what do the inhabitants of the village think about his ambition to become the most powerful man in the world?
"I think they find it rather exciting, but also in the way of Kallstadt people they are not deeply impressed.
The native of Kallstadt has made an amusing documentary film about the place and its famous offshoots, included in whom besides Trump are also the Heinz ketchup family.
Trump, who is not known for his modesty, also gets a chance to speak in "Kings of Kallstadt" (2014) - with a statement that he would have been successful anyway, even had he lived in Kallstadt.
He has not won over the people there.
There is indeed a certain respect for his family's achievements, but there also tends to be a view that Trump "is a bit of a bigmouth," says Wendel.
Coincidentally, Kallstadt's nickname in the region is, "Die Brulljesmacher", a dialect term which translates as "The Braggart", she says.
Trump comes from the village of the braggarts.
The story of the Trumps' success began in 1885 when the man who would become Donald Trump's grandfather emigrated and opened a saloon for gold prospectors in the USA.
The foundation stone for his property business was his first purchase of land in New York.
But his grandparents' lives were not free of tragedy: their wish to return permanently to their home country collapsed in the Bavarian state to which the Palatine then belonged.
They would not let Trump enter as he had originally left without authorisation, the Director of the Institute for Palatinate History and Cultural Anthropology, Roland Paul, explains at the beginning of the film.
Trump is the grandson of "illegal emigrants".
This is at odds with the sometimes pithy statements of his descendant.
He has repeatedly spoken in derogatory terms about Mexican immigrants in the US, and demanded the building of a border wall in order to deter illegal immigrants.
"The fuss he makes about it is not very nice," says Hans-Joachim Bender, a distant relative of Trump ("My grandmother was born a Trump, my grandfather was born a Heinz").
The retired winemaker sees the American as rather aloof, "he always has a short fuse".
Does he think Trump will come?
"I can't imagine it," says the 72-year-old.
"He has never had any interest in Kallstadt."
Guest house landlady Veronika Schramm, like many of Kallstadt's inhabitants, mentions that descendants of the Heinz family made a donation towards the church organ when they visited, which was very well received.
"I can't imagine Donald doing that," says the 68-year-old.
She would prefer it if he doesn't win the election as "he has such radical opinions, I don't know whether it would be a good thing".
If anyone like him had been in charge in his grandfather's time, "he would never have gone there".
"There are more interesting topics than him," says winemaker's daughter Sarah Bühler.
And as president?
"He's certainly not my president," she says.
And, "the grapes will ripen without President Trump".
Wendel's film, for which Trump gave a lengthy interview, has been seen by 12,000 cinema-goers, and interest is also growing in the USA.
The Upper Bavarian district of Ramsau bei Berchtesgaden is Germany's first "Mountaineers' Village".
The village of 1,800 inhabitants in the Berchtesgaden National Park received the award for "Gentle Tourism" from the hand of the Vice President of the German Alpine Association, Ludwig Wucherpfenning, on Wednesday.
There are already 20 "Mountaineers' Villages" in Austria.
In our neighbouring country, the local Alpine Association is responsible for awarding the distinction.
A "Mountaineers' Village" is permitted to have a maximum of 2,500 residents.
At least one fifth of its area must be designated as a protected area.
Seven's Sunrise dominates ratings, despite Nine's attempts to cover the leadership spill on Today Show
Karl Stefanovic and Lisa Wilkinson's dash to Canberra to cover the aftermath of the Liberal leadership spill has failed to generate much of a ratings boost for Today.
Nine's breakfast show screened from the national capital after Malcolm Turnbull's overthrow of Tony Abbott.
Rival Sunrise, hosted by David Koch and Samantha Armytage, was stuck in London as part of a week-long series of international telecasts which also include Dubai, New York, Niagara Falls and Cancun.
That tyranny of distance didn't seem to matter much to Aussie TV viewers with Sunrise averaging 397,000 viewers across the five capital cities to Today's 339,000.
Today scored a slight uptick compared to its ratings for Monday (317,000) and last Tuesday (283,000) but its figure was behind last Thursday's (343,000).
Today has been closing the gap on Sunrise in recent months.
In August, Today averaged 318,000 to Sunrise's 330,000.
At the start of the year the gap was running at between 40,000 and 50,000.
So far in September, Sunrise is averaging 349,000 viewers to Today's 314,000.
This is the most interesting thing that's happened all morning.
The winds of change are affecting more than Parliament this morning folks!
Karl and Lisa are fine, thanks for checking!
Posted by TODAY on Monday, September 14, 2015
The big news for Seven was the stunning debut of 800 Words with former Packed to the Rafters star Erik Thomson.
The new drama, about a recently widowed father who decides to relocate to seaside New Zealand with his two children, averaged a very impressive 1.219 million viewers.
Critics had wondered whether Thomson could carry a hit show solo without Rafters star Rebecca Gibney.
Last night's result answered that with a resounding "yes."
Seven's The X Factor stayed strong with 1.136 million viewers, easily beating The Block (838,000) and TBL Families (726,000).
Seven had mixed fortunes on night two of The Chase Australia.
The first half-hour (5pm to 5.30pm) of the new quiz show hosted by Andrew O'Keefe averaged 446,000 viewers.
The second half-hour (5.30pm to 6pm) jumped to 623,000 viewers - enough for a small win over Eddie McGuire's Hot Seat (613,000).
On Monday night, the first half-hour of The Chase Australia averaged 520,000 viewers and the second half-hour a whopping 720,000.
Hot Seat averaged 620,000.
The Chase Australia's second night ratings drop will have Nine quietly confident that Hot Seat will ultimately prevail at 5.30.
The Chase Australia is a replacement for Million Dollar Minute which failed to dent McGuire's show.
Originally published as Sunrise dominates as Today stays local
The final three agree Bachelor Sam Wood is the perfect guy - but who will he choose?
Secret revealed? ...
Lana Jeavons-Fellows, Sarah Mackay and Snezana Markoski may have unwittingly revealed who wins The Bachelor.
The woman who Sam Wood ends up with on The Bachelor has been swathed in utmost secrecy.
And the three girls left standing certainly aren't letting slip whether they are the one who received his final rose.
But when we checked in with Sarah Mackay, Snezana Markoski and Lana Jeavons-Fellows the day before three become two, they may have inadvertently given away a clue as to who the winner will be.
Sam Wood is keeping his lips firmly sealed until Thursday's finale
All three women waxed lyrical over why Wood is the perfect man, citing his sense of humour, ambition, family values and positivity as reasons they would each love to be his partner.
However when asked the question, "If not you, who should get Wood's final rose?," their answers could have provided a spoiler as to who won the Bachelors heart.
Both Jeavons-Fellows and Markoski were quick to name Mackay as, apart from themselves, the best match for Wood.
Sarah Mackay and Sam Wood have shared an easy rapport since day one.
"From the moment I walked into the house, reading (Sarah's) energy and Sam's energy I felt like they were quite compatible and I kept thinking that throughout the course of the show," said Jeavons-Fellows.
"Sarah is really down to earth, she's so much fun to be around," added Markoski.
I've seen them together and they do have that chemistry there.
They do feel nice and comfortable with each other.
Sarah Mackay believes she and Sam Wood would be well suited as a couple.
For her part, Mackay said last week's home visit dates made her realise Wood could be "the one."
"Once I saw him with my friends and family I realised this obviously isn't just a game - I'm wholeheartedly invested in him now," she said.
And asked who Wood should choose if not her, she was enigmatic.
"I don't know if I can say," she said.
I love the remaining girls equally - it's a tie between Snezana and Lana.
The Bachelor airs Wednesday, 7.30pm on Ten.
Originally published as Sarah top choice for Sam Wood?
Jarryd Hayne had several options of where to begin his NFL career.
Detroit and Seattle showed plenty of interest after his move to the US - and there were plenty of other teams making inquiries after his impressive open training day late last year.
But Hayne chose the San Francisco 49ers and coach Jim Tomsula and it's looking like a wise decision.
Some coaches would have benched Hayne for the rest of the game for losing a fumble like the Aussie rugby league convert did on his first punt return in Tuesday's 20-3 win against Minnesota.
But Tomsula showed faith in his man, giving Hayne the next opportunity to return a punt and including him in the running game after an injury to Reggie Bush.
Tomsula continued to show his true colours in the locker room after the game.
Instead of chewing out his rookies in front of the rest of the team, he encouraged them.
Tomsula also backed Hayne publicly in his post-match press conference.
49ers beat reporter Cam Inman reported that Hayne also received encouragement from special teams co-ordinator Thomas McGaughey, who advised him to forget about his dropped catch and worry about the next play.
Jarryd Hayne fumbles a punt that was recovered by the Minnesota Vikings during the first quarter
It was certainly not the start Hayne and his massive Australian following had been hoping for in his NFL debut.
Hayne was seen cursing as he made his way from the field after the fumble and later told Australian radio duo Hamish & Andy on 2DayFM 104.1 he couldn't have imagined a worse start to his NFL career.
"It was just one of those things, you just worry about the next play and that's it," said Hayne.
Hayne likened the blunder to his Origin debut back in 2007 when a pass in his own in-goal led to a Queensland try.
Overall it was still an amazing experience for the 27-year-old.
Hayne posed for a photo with fans holding an Australian flag after the game and posted it to his Instagram.
Elton John and Russian President Vladimir Putin to meet to discuss gay rights
In 2003, Mikhail Khodorkovsky, Russia's wealthiest man, was arrested at gunpoint on a Siberian runway.
Having openly challenged President Vladimir Putin, Khodorkovsky was convicted, his oil company, Yukos, seized and his pro democracy efforts curtailed.
Because of the large number of refugees, the Freie Wähler are calling for 1000 new teachers in Bavaria.
At the start of the FW autumn conclave, party and faction leader Hubert Aiwanger issued a warning about a severe crisis in Bavaria's schools if there are not sufficient new teachers for the many new schoolchildren: "We need at least 1000 additional teachers to stop the schools from collapsing," said Aiwanger.
"Otherwise we will have upheavals in the Bavarian education system."
The Freie Wähler faction is in session in the Lower Franconian community until Friday.
Very different main topics were originally planned.
But the record number of refugees is dominating the Freie Wähler meeting too.
"Of course the subject of asylum is the main issue at the conclave," says Aiwanger.
Aiwanger is demanding the establishment of a UN safety zone in Syria, similar to the one during the Yugoslavian war in the nineties.
"It can't go on like this, we have to get to the causes," says the Freie Wähler head.
The Freie Wähler want to deport failed asylum seekers as quickly as possible.
For this reason, Aiwanger also wants more personnel for the adminstrative courts, which are responsible for asylum cases: "We need at least 50 new asylum judges as well," says Aiwanger.
The FW head criticised the lack of consistency between several federal states: "We need unified standards in the Federal states nationwide."
"Bavaria deports; others don't."
"We must be more efficient."
However, regional politics in Grosswahlstadt should not be allowed to suffer.
An issue that has been running for many years remains on the agenda: educational policy.
In the new school year the Education Minister, Ludwig Spaenle (CDU), started a "middle school plus" pilot project, in which an extension of the middle level in grammars schools from three to four years is being tested - this will result in a return to taking nine years up to the university entry qualification exam.
But that is not enough for Aiwanger.
"The G9 issue must be speeded up," says the FW head.
We demand freedom of choice for all grammar schools that want it.
A free move to G9 everywhere it is wanted.
Stronger Wall Street gives Dax a helping hand
After an over-long stretch of aimless and edgy trading, the German stock market has closed with gains.
It was only in the afternoon that a stronger rally on the US stock market provided a clearer direction which ultimately lifted the Dax by 0.56 percent to 10,188.13 points.
The value of MDax medium size companies gained 0.54 percent to 19,552.88 points.
The technology-heavy TecDax rose by 1.03 percent to 1,736.69 points.
The EuroStoxx 50, the benchmark index in the Eurozone, moved ahead by 1.01 percent to 3,207.60 points.
The markets in London and Paris also registered solid gains.
In the USA the Dow Jones index closed at about 1 percent up.
Many brokers reckon that markets will remain static until after the interest rate decision in the USA and also the major maturity of the futures exchanges this Friday.
Discussion about the impact due to the phasing out of nuclear energy has meanwhile pushed RWE stocks to an all time low and also left a significant mark on Eon.
According to the "Spiegel", the German energy companies potentially lack €30 billion in reserves.
The German Federal Government denied the figures quoted in the press.
Stocks in the two largest German energy businesses have subsequently recovered somewhat, although ultimately RWE lost 3.31 percent and Eon 6.15 percent.
Infineon shares climbed to the top of the Dax by a further 3.22 percent.
In the view of one trader, a positive report by US investment magazine "Barron's" at the weekend continues to have an effect.
According to him investors in the German chip manufacturer are currently paying too little attention
Thus investment in the promising wafer technology and a focus on the automotive market should pay off.
Car stocks were in demand: even in the traditionally week summer month of August, again more cars were sold than in the previous year period, as the manufacturers' association Acea disclosed at the start of the International Aotomobile Exhibition IAA in Frankfurt.
Stocks for car manufacturers Daimler and BMW, Opel and Fiat gained by 1.34 percent and 2.21 percent respectively.
Stocks on Volkswagen increased in price by 1.26 percent.
On the German bond market, the current yield of listed Federal Government securities fell by 0.48 percent (on Friday 0.50 percent).
The Rex bond index rose by 0.12 percent to 139.55 points.
Government futures lost 0.71 percent, going down to 154.11 points.
The rate of the Euro sank in the afternoon, ending at $1.1262.
At around midday the European Central Bank had set the reference price at US $1.1305 (1.1268).
This means that the dollar cost €0.8846 (0.8875).
4 Killed After Police Fire Rubber Bullets at Protesters in Nepal
Four people, including a 4-year-old boy, were killed in southern Nepal after the police fired rubber bullets into a crowd demonstrating against the country's proposed new constitution, an official said on Wednesday.
The violence occurred Tuesday evening in the district of Rupandehi, about 175 miles west of Kathmandu, the capital.
Bishnu Prasad Dhakal, the chief district officer, said more than 1,000 protesters had gathered outside a police station, some of them throwing stones and firebombs.
Mr. Dhakal said the police used tear gas and then fired into the air before resorting to rubber bullets.
Twenty police officers and five civilians were wounded, he said.
It was not immediately clear why rubber bullets, which are known to kill but are traditionally used as a less-lethal alternative, apparently produced such a high death toll.
The clash was the latest in weeks of violent protests across Nepal's southern plains, where members of the Madhesi ethnic group say new provinces established under the proposed new constitution would dilute their political influence.
There have also been protests in western Nepal from ethnic Tharus who want their own state.
At least 40 people, including 11 police officials, have been killed in violent clashes since Aug.
10, when four major political parties signed an agreement to divide the country into provinces - a major step toward a new constitution but a highly contentious issue in Nepal, which has been centrally governed for centuries.
Work on a new constitution has been underway since 2008, but lawmakers accelerated the process after the devastating earthquake that killed thousands of people in April.
Lawmakers have been voting on clauses in the draft constitution in Kathmandu this week, and officials have said that the new charter could be enacted by Sunday.
Contruction area planned in the town
The plot of land at the Alte Post youth centre in Emden is going to be built on again.
The town is currently making preparations to market the 4000 square metre area.
A mixture of trade, commerce and housing is planned - although there are no firm offers so far.
Emden - The town of Emden wants to sell a plot of land of around 4000 square metres directly adjacent to the Alte Post youth centre.
Preparations are currently underway.
It is planned to use the land for a mixture of trade, commerce and housing.
A spokesperson for the town states that it is awaiting suitable offers.
The identities of possible investors are not yet clear.
Consequently, no contract has yet been concluded.
The town of Emden sold a part of the site, situated on the Ringstrasse/corner of Grosse Strasse a few months ago and the building which previously stood there was demolished.
Hieve project: facts are in the open
Plans for the holiday home development at the Kleines Meer near Emden are taking shape.
Investors have presented their plans for the project to the public.
A number of residents are again concerned – they are worried about the sale of their leisure refuge.
Plans have been negotiated, mulled over, debated, and plotted behind closed doors for months.
Now the plans for a new holiday home development on the Kleines Meer near Emden are in the open.
The interested party, the Emden company "System-Bau", presented their plans to the Emden Council development committee for the first time on Monday evening.
Originally this point was scheduled as a part of the agenda not open to the public.
Under pressure from critics of the project and from the FDP faction, who had accused investors and the administration of secretiveness, Ralf Behrends of the System-Bau management went on the offensive. "We don't yet have an answer for all the questions," he said in front of the council members and more than 50 spectators.
But it is good to be able to counter all the rumours now.
The €10 - 12 million project has been under discussion for months.
Pictures and new details of the proposed hotel building provoked strong reactions among owners of properties at the lake who attended the meeting,
Roberto Schulz, property owner and member of the board of the residents' lobby group, Pro Hieve, claims: "It's going to be a huge development which looms over all the other buildings".
Furthermore, like a number of other critics of the project, he is afraid that traffic will increase enormously due to the proposed size of the facility. "We have to reckon with whole busloads arriving," said Schulz.
However it is not yet clear what exactly is going to happen on the hectare sized area of the former restaurant.
No operator has yet been identified.
"First of all we have to present a coherent concept," says Ralf Behrends.
Since this does not yet exist, construction plans are still subject to variation.
Twin gorillas born in Frankfurt Zoo
Frankfurt Zoo is celebrating the birth of two gorillas.
Twenty-six year old Dian brought twins into the world yesterday.
Twin births are rare for gorillas.
The last time it happened in a German zoo was almost 50 years ago in 1967, also in Frankfurt, according to the zoo.
The sex of the new-born gorilla twins is not yet certain as so far mother Dian has kept a close hold on them.
First reported in the "Bild".
NHC says 60 percent chance of cyclone south of Cape Verde Islands
A broad low-pressure system about 350 miles (560 km) south of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands has a 60 percent chance of developing into a tropical cyclone in the next 48 hours, the U.S. National Hurricane Center said Tuesday.
Another well-defined low-pressure system about midway between the Cape Verde Islands and the Lesser Antilles also has a 60 percent chance of tropical cyclone formation in the next two days, the Miami-based weather forecaster added.
Google launches donation-matching campaign to raise $11 million for refugees
Google Inc (GOOGL.O) announced a donation-matching campaign that aims to raise $11 million for humanitarian organizations aiding the thousands of refugees that have overwhelmed European nations as they flee war-torn and impoverished countries.
Google took an uncharacteristically personal approach in announcing the donation drive on its blog.
Rather than having an executive make the announcement, Rita Masoud, a Google employee who fled Kabul with her family when she was seven years old, wrote about her personal experience.
"Our journey involved many dark train and bus rides, as well as hunger, thirst, cold and fear," she wrote.
I was lucky.
But as the refugee and migrant crisis in Europe has grown, many people like my family are desperate for help.
The donations will go toward four nonprofit organizations that are providing aid to refugees and migrants: Doctors Without Borders, International Rescue Committee, Save the Children and UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Google said it will match the first $5.5 million worth of donations globally at google.com/refugeerelief until it raises $11 million.
Europe is facing its worst refugee crisis since World War II, largely driven by the four-year-old civil war in Syria, which has displaced more than 4 million people this year.
Many are also fleeing war-torn Afghanistan, Yemen, Iraq and Libya.
Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Christian Plumb
For mildly obese diabetics, weight loss surgery may be helpful
The benefits of weight loss surgery for mildly obese people with type 2 diabetes can last at least five years, according to a new study.
It's still to early to say whether mildly obese people with diabetes live longer after weight loss surgery than those who receive non-surgical treatments, however.
"The mortality data take a long time to show up," said Dr. Robin Blackstone, a weight loss surgery expert who wrote an editorial on the new study in JAMA Surgery.
Weight loss operations, or bariatric surgery, use various methods to shrink the size of the stomach.
They reduce hunger and limit the body's ability to absorb food.
Over the years, bariatric surgeries have proved effective for treating type 2 diabetes, but most studies were done in people who are morbidly obese, with a body mass index (BMI) of 35 or above.
BMI, a measure of weight in relation to height, is considered normal between 18.5 and 24.9.
A BMI of 25 or higher indicates that someone is overweight, and people with a BMI over 30 are considered obese.
You can calculate your BMI here: 1.usa.gov/1D0ZqDv.
For the new study, researchers from Taiwan's Min-Sheng General Hospital used data collected since 2007 in a trial comparing two kinds of bariatric surgery - gastric bypass and sleeve gastrectomy - to medical treatments for type 2 diabetes in people who were mildly obese.
The average BMI among those who had surgery fell from 31 to 24.5 by the end of their fifth year in the study.
Meanwhile, the BMI among those receiving non-surgical diabetes treatments stayed about the same at 29.
Among those who had surgery, diabetes resolved completely in 36 percent and partially in 28 percent.
In the medically-treated group, by comparison, diabetes resolved completely in only 1 percent and partially in only about 2 percent.
In addition, control of blood pressure, triglycerides, and "bad" LDL cholesterol "was generally better in the surgical group," the authors found.
The researchers also monitored patients' blood levels of hemoglobin A1c, which reflect blood sugar levels over time.
Hemoglobin A1c is best kept below 7 percent, the researchers write.
After surgery, the average hemoglobin A1c level fell from about 9 percent to about 6 percent.
In the medical therapy group, however, it remained steady at about 8 percent.
But this better "glycemic control" - as reflected by the improved hemoglobin A1c levels - did not reduce the mortality rate at five years, according to lead researcher Dr. Chih-Cheng Hsu and colleagues.
The research team also compared average outcomes with the two types of surgery.
At the fifth year, compared to the sleeve gastrectomy group, the bypass surgery group had lost more weight (18.7 vs 14.2 kg), achieved larger drops in BMI (7.4 vs 5.1) and in hemoglobin A1c (3.1 percent vs 2.1 percent) and were more likely to have complete diabetes remission (46.9 percent vs 16.7 percent).
While the new study does not show a survival benefit or surgery after five years, there is evidence from a study of heavier people in Sweden that surgery does lead to a longer life, says Blackstone, of the University of Arizona College of Medicine-Phoenix.
In the Swedish study, obese people who had bariatric surgery were about 29 percent less likely to die over 15 years, compared to a group who tried more conventional methods.
Though the new study didn't show a benefit in survival among surgery patients, Blackstone said it's reassuring for people with a BMI under 35 interested in the procedure.
"This is where this paper is critical, because it says this surgery is safe in that lower BMI group," with no increased risk of death or renal disease, she said.
Blackstone added that people and their doctors should start taking weight seriously once the patient's BMI falls between 27 and 30.
"I think we wait too long to get people to be serious about this," she said.
I think that once they've accumulated these genetic changes that hardwired their bodies into obesity and diabetes, reversing that is really hard.
Love story set in Hunsrück
It is a theme being used increasingly in fiction nowadays: a young woman, plain and unpopular when she was at school, meets her teenage crush years later and he falls in love with her.
This is what happens in the recently published novel "We're not really like that" by Luisa Binder.
Beyond the love story itself, the novel may be of interest to every reader in Hunsrück as it is set in Langweiler and the surrounding location.
The full-time author grew up in Langweiler and is happy to have been able to create a literary monument to her native area.
"It is impossible for everyone to come to Europe" - Dalai Lama - RT News
Europe could not host all refugees, the Dalai Lama has said, adding that the real solution to the current refugee crisis lies in the Middle East.
The Tibetan Buddhist leader has called for the ending violence in the refugees" home countries.
The Dalai Lama addressed the issue of the ongoing refugee crisis in his speech at the opening of the Dalai Lama Centre for Compassion in Oxford, which is dedicated to ethics studies, at the beginning of his 10-day visit to the UK.
He claimed that, under current circumstances, the interests of humanity should be put before the interests of single nations or even continents.
He also stressed that, however admirable, the West-European countries" response to the refugee crisis is inadequate to the situation.
"It it's impossible for everyone to come to Europe," he said in his speech.
Although the Dalai Lama praised Germany's and Austria's efforts in dealing with the crisis, he stressed that it was only a temporary solution.
"So taking care of several thousand refugees is wonderful, but in the mean time you have to think about long-term solutions, how to bring genuine peace and genuine development, mainly through education, for these Muslim countries," he emphasized.
Ultimately we have to think about how to reduce the killing in their countries.
We have to reduce the use of force.
The use of force has never solved these problems," he added.
Addressing the issue of violence, the Dalai Lama also commented on George Bush's actions following 9/11 terrorist attacks, claiming that the US" violent response engendered a chain of uncontrollable events.
After 9/11 I expressed my condolences in a letter to President Bush and told him the way to solve this problem was through non-violence.
I know his motives were good but he used force and it created unexpected consequences," the Dalai Lama said.
Fourfold increase in children ingesting hand sanitizer in last 4 years
Poison control centers around the United States have reported a nearly 400-percent uptick since 2010 in the number of children under the age of 12 swallowing highly-alcoholic hand sanitizer, according to the Georgia Poison Center.
According to Dr. Gaylord Lopez, director of the Georgia Poison Center, hand sanitizer ingestion cases in children under 12 that were reported to poison control centers went up from 3,266 in 2010 to 16,117 in 2014.
"Kids are getting into these products more frequently, and unfortunately, there's a percentage of them going to the emergency room," Lopez told CNN.
He said some kids are drinking sanitizer intentionally, while some do it to impress their friends or on a social-media dare.
Videos on YouTube show teenagers drinking sanitizer for a cheap buzz.
Teens have reportedly mixed sanitizer with alcohol-containing mouthwash for a stiffer drink.
Younger children can be drawn to attractive sanitizer scents.
"A kid is not thinking this is bad for them," Lopez said.
A lot of the more attractive (hand sanitizers) are the ones that are scented.
There are strawberry, grape, orange-flavored hand sanitizers that are very appealing to kids.
Hand sanitizer contains anywhere between 45 and 95 percent alcohol.
In young children, especially, only a few squirts can cause alcohol poisoning.
"It's highly concentrated alcohol," Dr. Stephen Thornton, medical director of the poison control center at University of Kansas Hospital, told Fox 4 in Kansas City.
So you wouldn't leave a shot of whiskey sitting around, but people will have these hand sanitizers out and if kids get into it, it's a quick way to consume a lot of alcohol.
Nhaijah Russell, a six-year-old girl who recently ingested as many as four squirts of strawberry-scented hand sanitizer at school, was taken to an emergency room for treatment.
Her blood-alcohol level was .179, twice the threshold considered legally drunk in an adult, according to Dr. Chris Ritchey, an emergency room doctor who treated her at Gwinnett Medical Center outside of Atlanta.
Nhaijah was slurring her words and was unable to walk when she arrived at the emergency room.
Doctors monitored her overnight at a separate children's hospital for any signs of brain trauma, as the alcohol caused the girl to fall and hit her head, Ritchey said.
"That was very scary," Ortoria Scott, Nhaijah's mother, told CNN.
It could have been very lethal for my child.
Lopez has recommended parents and teachers use nonalcoholic products or sanitizing wipes short of moving hand sanitizer out of a child's reach.
Beyond alcohol poisoning, some sanitizers have been linked to deaths.
In 2013, two Ontario women died after swallowing hand sanitizer that contained a toxic, undeclared ingredient.
Health officials surmised that the product contained methanol, a deadly agent, rather than ethyl alcohol, which was listed as the active ingredient.
In January, three fourth-grade students in upstate New York plotted to poison their "mean" teacher "by putting antibacterial products around the classroom," according to a police report.
The teacher is highly allergic to hand sanitizer and banned it from her room.
Police considered the foiled plan to be "idle chatter," referring discipline to the school district.
Villingen-Schwenningen: three vehicles damaged
A 33-year-old driver received minor injuries in a collision on the cross-over between Nordring and Auf Herdenen.
A 60-year-old lorry driver drove onto the cross-over in the direction of the industrial estate roundabout and realised too late that two vehicles in front had stopped at the roundabout.
As a result he ran into the rear of an Audi and pushed this vehicle into the Ford Fiesta stopped in front of it.
Damage amounting to around €10,000 was suffered by the vehicles involved, according to the police.
The Audi belonging to the 33-year-old could no longer be driven and had to be towed away.
Rumour Mill: No Celtic disharmony
Griffiths plays down talk of disharmony at Celtic as Deila admits Hoops are in a bad place but he'll turn it around.
Hearts to fight SFA over Neilson charge and Warburton wary of January signings disrupting squad unity
Dons stretch lead over Celtic to five points
ADAM Rooney's first-half penalty gave Aberdeen a narrow victory over Hamilton at Pittodrie, allowing the Dons to open up a five-point gap between themselves and Celtic.
Griffiths plays down disharmony talk
It has sparked rumours of disharmony at Celtic, which was dismissed out of hand by Griffiths, who insisted he and his team-mates are not labouring under any sense of increased scrutiny as they prepare to face the Dutch League leaders.
I don't think we feel under pressure, I think the players are looking forward to it.
Lack of Scots title race bores Dutch - de Boer
Former Rangers midfielder and ex-Netherlands international Ronald de Boer has said that Dutch football fans have lost interest in Celtic - because there's no title rivalry with Rangers.
De Boer, currently an ambassador for Ajax, said: "In Holland, they don't show highlights of the Celtic games any more and why?"
It is because Rangers aren't there.
People here don't only talk about Rangers coming back.
They talk about the Old Firm.
They talk about both teams together and that's what they are interested in.
There is a lot of tension in the Old Firm games and it is not just people in Scotland who want to see those games.
I'll turn things around, vows Deila
RONNY Deila has accepted Celtic are struggling, but the Norwegian boss vowed to turn things around.
Defeat to Malmo and subsequent Champions League exit was swiftly followed by losing to 10-man Aberdeen, who now sit five points clear at the top of the table.
But Deila said: "Celtic have had bad periods before and we will come again."
Now we want to come out of it as quickly as possible.
I know it is very frustrating and a lot of people are very, very angry or sad about what is happening.
That is the same as we are - but we have to go on.
We really, really need the support of Celtic because that makes the players much better.
To stay together now is so important.
Warburton wary of January transfers
Despite comments just a couple of weeks ago suggesting that he had identified some January transfer targets, Rangers boss Mark Warburton is wary of a signing spree, insisting he doesn't want to disrupt the Ibrox squad's unity.
The ex-Brentford gaffer said: "The January transfer window is very different from the summer window."
In terms of players coming in the summer, you have that pre-season period to bed them in, which you've seen with our own group this season.
The squad is doing really well.
Sometimes more harm is done by adding unnecessary players to what you really need.
Celtic target Michu in retirement hint
Swansea striker Michu, linked with Celtic during the transfer window, has dropped hints that he could retire when his contract with the Swans is up.
The 29-year-old has been plagued with a troublesome ankle for two years, and failed to find a move away from Wales in the summer.
Hearts set for SFA battle over Neilson comments
Hearts were leading 2-1 when Paterson was dismissed and went on to lose 3-2, but the defender's red card was later overturned - the third Collum red card in eight months to be rescinded.
Neilson is sticking with what he said, insisting: "I didn't question any integrity, I didn't comment on a performance."
Griffiths vows to avoid Tynecastle
The diehard Hibee was carpeted after admitting singing a song with offensive lyrics about ex-Hearts player Rudi Skacel.
The incident happened in a pub in the Roseburn area of Edinburgh before an Edinburgh derby at Tynecastle in March 2014.
"It was a derby and it was heat of the moment," the striker said, adding: "Safe to say I won't be going back to Tynecastle unless it is playing for Celtic."
Tannadice board has faith in Dundee United management - Donnelly
Simon Donnelly insists Dundee United's board still has faith in the management team to turn things round - but concedes the on-field decline must end.
I think Stephen Thompson has faith in us.
We'll get the boys ready to go again," said Donnelly.
McInnes glad to "win ugly" against Hamilton
Derek McInnes admits his Aberdeen side had to cling on desperately against Hamilton Accies to see out a seventh successive league win that moved them five points clear of Celtic at the top of the table thanks to Adam Rooney's first-half penalty.
McInnes said: "There's not a team out there who has won anything, whether it's cups or leagues, who haven't won games like that."
Scots unemployment remains unchanged as UK total rises
UNEMPLOYMENT in Scotland remained unchanged at 164,000 during the period May to July while the number out of work for the UK as a whole increased by 10,000 to 1.82 million during the same period.
Scotland's unemployment rate of 5.9 per cent was above the UK's rate of 5.5 per cent, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures showed.
Meanwhile, employment in Scotland fell by 12,000 during the three month period, with the number of those in work now standing at 2,612,000.
The employment rate for Scotland fell over the quarter at 74.0 per cent - a figure above the UK average of 73.5 per cent.
Secretary of State for Scotland David Mundell, commenting on the latest figures, said: "The government's long term plan has laid the foundations for a stronger economy."
It is almost exactly a year since Scotland made the historic decision to remain part of the UK.
In those 12 months we have seen further improvements in the Scottish Labour market with employment increasing and unemployment falling.
Drunks create a disturbance
Since security personnel could not appease the situation, employees called the police.
Officers were only able to take the troublemakers into custody after using pepper spray.
A breath test showed that a 16-year-old had a blood alcohol level of 0.89.
The teenager was picked up by his mother.
A 28-year-old with a blood alcohol level of 2.15 was initially detained in custody.
Why I'm A Witness At An Execution In Oklahoma
Later today, barring a late legal intervention, I will watch a man being put to death.
If it happens, and I hope it won't, I will sit in a viewing gallery in the death chamber at Oklahoma State Penitentiary as Richard Glossip is executed by lethal injection.
He has asked me to be one of four official witnesses to his death.
The invitation was first made back in January, via his best friend, and though I was shocked, I agreed.
As the day approaches, I've come to dread it.
So why do it?
I agreed because I thought it was a good way of telling the full story about the death penalty.
It would offer a unique perspective.
True, journalists are permitted to watch executions in America and because there are often more applications than seats available, a macabre lottery takes place to decide who will be chosen.
Oklahoma has reduced the number of media seats from 12 to five.
Whoever is picked will watch it dispassionately.
I cannot do that.
I will be sitting alongside Richard Glossip's closest friends, and I have developed my own relationship with him through months of phone calls, and one visit lasting two-and-a-half hours.
I like the guy.
We often laugh a lot when we talk.
The prison authorities say I cannot be both a witness and a journalist, so I won't be allowed a notebook and pen to record what I see.
I will just have to try to remember all the details.
One Oklahoma journalist accused me on Twitter of compromising my impartiality.
Here's the lesson.
Tell the inmate's story the way he likes it, get access.
I complained to her.
She admitted that she "could have phrased it better," but still thinks I'm wrong to do what I'm doing.
Richard Glossip has taken issue with some of the things I've said and written.
He doesn't tell me what to write, and I wouldn't do it even if he did.
I've told him he can remove me from his list of witnesses at any time.
But he wants an international reporter to be there to write about it.
If he dies, he thinks the publicity will help the anti-death penalty movement.
Kim Bellware, a reporter from the Huffington Post, will be alongside me.
If you want to know more about the case, please listen to the series of podcasts I've made.
I won't go over all the details again here.
I cannot say with certainty that Richard Glossip is innocent.
His actions after the murder of Barry Van Treese would make him guilty of being an accessory after the fact.
But I believe there is a strong probability that he is not guilty of murder.
I certainly believe there was not enough evidence to justify a death sentence.
I believe his execution is wrong.
And it's from this perspective that I will watch him die.
I cannot claim to be truly objective.
There will be other reporters you can turn to for that.
What you will get from me is what it's like to watch a man I like die an unnecessary death.
Man coaxed from Canning River after soggy police chase
The Canning Vale constable remained dry as he coaxed the man from the Canning River.
A Perth man's bid to lose a police tail came undone after he found himself in shallow, muddy water just metres from a police officer trying to "coax him gently back to shore."
Canning Vale police were called to a trespassing incident in Beckenham on Tuesday.
When they spotted the suspect he tried to ditch them by heading into the Canning River.
But he didn't get too far.
"He was standing in the water saying 'I'm not getting out, 'come and get me'," Senior Sergeant Shandell Castledine said.
Constable Lachlan Perhavec wasn't too keen on getting his uniform wet, so he employed a safer tactic - "good police negotiation."
"Sometimes people do funny things to try and escape," Senior Sergeant Castledine said.
Champion footballer Ben Cousins provides a memorable example.
In 2006, Cousins ditched his car to avoid a booze bus and attempted to swim across the Swan River.
His efforts were unsuccessful, but did inspire locals to begin planning a tongue-in-cheek Ben Cousins biathlon.
Peter Moody alleges stewards tried to spy on him and threatens to quit racing
Peter Moody has alleged Racing Victoria stewards attempted to plant a spy in his stables last year and threatened to quit racing immediately.
He took aim at stewards and Racing Victoria's integrity department, alleging they have a personal campaign against him with the late scratching of Lady Tatai because of a race day treatment the final straw on Wednesday.
Moody told Fairfax Media he had always tried to do what is best for racing and has found himself in difficult circumstances when it comes to Lidari's positive swab to cobalt, which he can not explain.
He had bitten his tongue about the spy allegations for 18 months and didn't want it "to look like sour grapes."
"I wasn't going to say anything about that and I have sat on it for a long time but sometimes you get so frustrated it all comes out at once," Moody said.
They know it went on.
Sometimes you react and have to live the consequences and I will have to live with what I said.
I will go home tonight and sleep well.
I want to walk around with my head held high and want my owners to think that I am trying my best for them.
When they start to think I'm not that's when I shouldn't be a trainer.
I would then have to consider what I do with my licence.
Earlier, Moody had dropped the bombshell in a racing.com interview that the integrity department had tried to spy on his stable.
"Eighteen months ago Terry Bailey, Dayle Brown and Dr Brian Stewart sat in a room with a man - who I will name if asked - and offered him employment to work in my stables to offer information on what I was doing within my stables," Moody said on Racing.com.
They obviously believe I'm a cheat.
If that's the case surely they should all hand in their briefs because they've been incompetent in trying to catch me.
Robert Roulston, former chairman of RVL, David Moodie, current chairman of RVL, and Bernard Saundry, current CEO of RVL, were aware of that at the time and are aware of that today.
Should that make me think it's becoming personal?
Has RVL got a grow a set of balls and maybe make people outside of trainers responsible for what it is going on the industry?
Am I bad for the industry?
Am I that bad for the industry?
Maybe people out there think I am.
Maybe they need to take my licence off me and push me away and I've got no doubt what I'm saying now might make them think about that.
But I've got to the point now where I don't care and that saddens me.
That really saddens me.
I will put the pressure on them and onus on them to make a decision.
I've got the support of my family and I can walk away.
The trainer's frustration levels have built with the long-running cobalt inquiry involving Lidari and the late scratching had him saying that he could "throw my licence across the table."
Moody, best known for preparing unbeaten champion Black Caviar, labelled the race-day treatment rule "ridiculous" after a mud or clay poultice had been applied to the horses legs, which is against the rules.
It's against the rules of racing.
I've got to accept full responsibility for that," he said.
One of my staff mistakenly laced mud on its leg.
It could have had it last night.
It could have had it yesterday, which it did have.
It had it on race day.
Moody could be faced with a three-month disqualification for the race day treatment using the poultice, which stewards have opened an inquiry into.
It is a joke.
People making these rules know nothing about the horse.
"We all understand that we need for rules but it has gone too far," Moody said.
Cobram hit-and-run driver arrested
Police have arrested a man over a hit-and-run collision with a cyclist in Cobram at the weekend.
The cyclist was airlifted to the Royal Melbourne Hospital with serious injuries after being struck by a car on the Murray Valley Highway on Saturday morning.
Police said the motorist drove away without stopping to help the injured rider.
On Monday a 50-year-old Nathalia man handed himself in to police at Shepparton.
He is expected to be charged with failing to stop at an accident, failing to render assistance, and other traffic offences.
The cyclist, a 40-year-old Cobram man, remains in hospital in a stable condition.
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy hits back at rivals over wrestling claims
Melbourne Storm coach Craig Bellamy has called criticism of his side's tackling as "agenda setting" by the NRL's two premiership favourites.
Sydney Roosters coach Trent Robinson said the referees allowed the Storm to "wrestle" his side during the Storm's upset win in the qualifying final in Sydney on Friday night.
Brisbane Broncos coach Wayne Bennett made a thinly veiled reference to the Storm after his side's qualifying final win over North Queensland Cowboys on Saturday night when he called that game a "showcase" of the rugby league and said the two Queensland weren't "too big" into wrestling.
Bellamy defended his side's tackling and said they just focused on their "contact" when tackling.
Bellamy added he took confidence from having two leading coaches criticise his side as it meant they were concerned about the Storm beating them.
"That keeps coming up - I didn't hear Trent Robinson bring up wrestling when they beat us 24-2," Bellamy said on Wednesday.
I can guarantee we haven't changed nothing all year with our defensive systems or techniques, it's just that the last six weeks we have made a real emphasis with our contact in tackles and that has been the turn around for us.
Trent has been there three years and he obviously has a great side to coach so he is probably not used to losing so it was a bit of a shock to him.
It's funny how this always comes up at this time of year.
Bellamy challenged Bennett's idea of "exciting football" reminding his mentor that Bennett's St George-Illawarra Dragons won the premiership in 2010 by playing "boring" football.
Wayne is talking about exciting footy.
He made a point of comparing his game on Saturday night with our one on Friday night and how exciting their game was," Bellamy said.
I remember in 2010 St George was criticised a lot for being a boring team and Wayne said he didn't give a rat's arse.
But now he has a team which can play what we would see as exciting footy, especially his young halves with their speed.
That's the footy you would want to play when you have those sort of players.
He made that point in 2010, now he wants everyone to play his style of footy - not every team has two halves like Anthony Milford and Ben Hunt so they can play like that.
To me it builds more confidence because they are saying these things because they are a little bit concerned about playing us.
Six weeks ago they probably weren't thinking of us when they get to the big games.
Bellamy also pointed out the Storm and Roosters game was a higher scoring contest than the Broncos and Cowboys game.
The Broncos game was probably a good game, I haven't watched it yet but what was the score? 16-12?
Our game it was 20-18, there was two more tries in our game but is that exciting footy?
Or is it making breaks and not scoring tries that is exciting?
To me it's agendas.
If they are mentioning us it means that at some stage we might meet them there.
The Storm have this weekend off as they have won the right to host either North Queensland Cowboys or Cronulla Sharks in next Saturday night's preliminary final at AAMI Park with tickets on sale from next Tuesday morning.
Serbian man gets $200k bail on drug charge
A man facing a possible life sentence for attempting to possess 40 kilograms of cocaine that was smuggled into Queensland has been granted bail on a $200,000 surety.
Marko Maksimovic, 29, was one of five men arrested last month after federal police tracked 100 kilograms of the drug from the yacht Solay, which came from South America via Vanuatu and docked at Coomera in August.
Maksimovic was observed meeting with his co-accused at the marina throughout the morning and later met them at the Coomera Roadhouse cafe, where police found 40 kilograms of the drug in a Toyota Echo.
Despite facing a potential life sentence for attempting to possess a commercial quantity of cocaine, Maksimovic's lawyer argued there was no evidence that he was attempting to possess all of it and that he might have been at the cafe for an innocent purpose.
Supreme Court Judge Peter Flanagan was concerned Maksimovic was a flight risk.
He has clear connections to Serbia.
He travels to Serbia often," he told the court on Wednesday.
On the crown case he lied to police about where he was staying.
Maksimovic's mother and stepfather had jointly offered a surety of $200,000 to secure his release.
"Having read the affidavits of both those persons, it is clear that the imposition of a surety of $200,000 constitutes a real financial burden on them," Judge Flanagan said.
But that alone was insufficient to deter him from failing to appear, he warned.
Maksimovic was granted bail on the conditions that he surrender both his Australian and Serbian passports, report to police on a daily basis and adheres to a 6pm-6am curfew.
Accident on the A5 near Karlsruhe: driver's cab torn apart
A lorry driver was seriously injured in a collision between three lorries on the A5 motorway near Karlsruhe on Tuesday evening.
Two of the three lorries involved had braked approaching long-term roadworks in the direction of Basel.
The third driver noticed too late and tried unsuccessfully to swerve left at the last moment, according to police.
The cab of the driver responsible for the accident was completely torn apart.
The driver was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
The A5 between Bruchsal and Karlsruhe North was completely closed for over six hours until 2 a.m.
Damages amounted to €122,000.
Stevan Hogg used girls phone to lure paedophiles to send images
A paedophile used an 11-year-old girl's phone to solicit child abuse images.
Stevan Hogg took the girl's phone as she slept then logged into an online messaging service where he had a succession of indecent images of children sent to him by another user.
The girl later woke up and discovered the phone was missing and found it in sleeping Hogg's hand.
She looked through it and found the disturbing messages before immediately alerting her mother.
Police attended and saw the five pictures, then analysed computers found at the address and discovered "concerning" web searches using terms for finding indecent image of children.
Hogg then claimed to officers he had done it as it would "lead paedophiles" on the internet before "pretending he was a police officer to scare them."
Fiscal depute Eilidh Robertson told Dundee Sheriff Court: "He said it was an addiction - that he was addicted to scaring people.
He accepted the searches were made by him on the computer but said it was because he wanted to pretend to be a police officer to scare paedophiles.
He was asked about his conversations with the unknown person who sent him the images and him asking them to send more photos.
He said he was doing it to lure them in.
He said he was sick in the head when he was drinking and said he wants to view rape and murder images.
Ms Robertson added: "When the girl found the messages on the phone she shouted her mother and was shaking and crying.
She saw the indecent images on the phone and the accused was then confronted.
The girl was interviewed and spoke of the accused using the computer and Playstation to talk to girls who looked way younger than him.
Hogg, 23, of Ward Road, Dundee, pleaded guilty on indictment to charges of taking or making indecent images of children on June 14 last year, breaching bail on January 25 this year and failing to attend at court for a hearing on March 24 this year.
Defence solicitor Gregor Sim asked that Hogg not be placed on the sex offenders register as it may be argued there was "no significant sexual element" to his crime.
Sheriff Alistair Carmichael deferred sentence until October for social work background reports.
Hogg was granted bail in this case but was held in custody ahead of hearings on other outstanding cases.
He was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of his sentencing date.
Traffickers move towards Germany over minor border crossings.
More and more refugees are being picked up away from major control points on the German-Austrian border.
Due to fear of discovery and people being arrested, many traffickers are leaving
through minor borders on the Austrian side, says a spokesperson for the Federal police.
More than 1,000 refugees have been picked up along the border river of Inn in the districts of Passau and Rottal-Inn since Tuesday.
They had arrived on foot over bridges and weirs on the German side.
They are received there by Federal police and passed on for registration.
According to reports from the Federal police, significantly more refugees arrived at the main railway station in Munich on Wednesday compared to the beginning of the week.
By 8 a.m. about 700 people had arrived in the capital city of the state, said a spokesperson in the morning.
Following the reintroduction of controls on the German-Austrian borders, 1,759 refugees reached the city on Tuesday.
Stuttgart: tail end of tropical storm "Henry" expected in the south west
Meteorologists are warning of squalls in the south west from Wednesday evening onwards.
Due to a depression over western Europe at the moment, warm sea air is flowing into the country, the German Meteorological service (DWD) has advised.
The powerful trough is the tail end of tropical storm "Henry", which has moved over the Atlantic from the Bermuda Islands in the last few days.
Violent storms and thunderstorms are anticipated, particularly in Baden.
According to DWD, gusts of between 60 and 90 kilometres per hour can be anticipated on the Swabian Mountains and in Bodenseekreis.
On Friday the sun is forecasted to put in a longer appearance once again
The chassis makes the difference: every two years car manufacturers present their new models at the IAA
In 2015 movement can be noticed in particular in compact cars, which are selling especially well at the moment.
Compact class cars are currently very much in demand: according to the Federal Office for Motor Transport (KBA) about 28.1 percent of new registrations in August alone belonged to this segment.
This is also reflected at the IAA (public days 17 to 27 September).
In among all the futuristic concept vehicles and the new high-end and luxury models, this year above all it is new compact models which are being introduced.
One of the biggest premieres for the German car sector here is the Opel Astra, which hits the car dealerships in the autumn.
"The Astra is an extremely important model for us," said Opel boss Karl-Thomas Neumann at the show.
It is at the heart of the brand.
To ensure that it sells well, the price of the new Astra is not increasing significantly.
Opel proposes an entry point below that of its main competitor, the VW Golf, which starts at €17,650.
The latest Astra costs from €16,990.
With a new 1.4 litre engine, the Astra has an output of 74 kw/100 hp.
The Hessian manufacturer also offers diesel and petrol engines from 70 kw/95 hp to 147 kw/200 hp, including the first three cylinder petrol model.
Unlike its most important competitors, VW Golf and Ford Focus, for the first time the Opel Astra is only available as a five door.
In spring the estate car, already seen at the IAA, will follow as the second option
And what other compact cars are being introduced alongside the Astra at the IAA?
Renault Mégane: Renault introduces the fourth generation of its competitor to the Astra, the Mégane, into the race.
The Mégane can be seen at the show exclusively as a five-door, in a conventional and a distinctly sporty version.
It will be available in dealerships at the beginning of next year, then also as an estate model.
Infiniti: the Infiniti Q30 is brand new in this segment.
The Nissan offshoot is looking to find its place in the rapidly growing segment with the new model.
The compact Infiniti, with its curved lines, fits right into the design line of the brand.
The basic model will have a petrol engine with a performance of at least 90 kw/122 hp.
A diesel with 80 kw/109 hp or 125 kw/170 hp is also on offer.
Suzuki Baleno: also new in the segment is the Suzuki Baleno, which celebrates its world premiere in Frankfurt.
On offer is the petrol engine model, including a newly developed 1.0 litre turbo engine and a performance of 82 kw/111 hp.
According to the manfacturer's specifications, the maximum torque is 170 Newton metres (Nm).
The Baleno is launched in Europe in early 2016.
DS4: not totally new, but completely redesigned, is the DS 4 compact car model, which can be seen at the IAA.
The designers at the classy Citroën offshoot have turned their hand primarily to the front end: here the radiator grille has been newly designed and the modified headlights have been equipped with LED technology.
In the interior the infotainment system in particular has been modernised, the number of buttons on the touch screen has been reduced and for the first time Apple's CarPlay has been incorporated.
In the compact class the IAA also features a string of revised and new versions such as the updated Mercedes A Class or the Peugeot 308.
JVA Berlin Tegel: five-square-metre cells are unfit for human beings
The Federal Constitutional Court has upheld a complaint by a former inmate of Tegel prison that he had been housed for months in too small a cell.
In principle, prisoners have a right to financial compensation for violation to their human dignity if they are kept in cells which are too small.
The Federal Constitutional Court reached this decision in a public ruling on Wednesday.
According to the judge, those affected can actually hope for money if they have been shut in too small a room for only a few days (ref: 1 BvR 1127/14).
For this reason a former prisoner was successful with his constitutional complaint in Karlsruhe. He was detained in Berlin Tegel prison between June and November 2009 in a single cell with a floor area of around five square metres: the toilet was not in a separate room.
Afterwards the man, who according to a statement by his lawyer has since been released, was transferred to a larger cell.
His liability claim against the state of Berlin by reason of unsuitable prison conditions however, failed.
But the constitutional judges set aside the judgement of the Supreme Court in Berlin and resubmitted the case there for renewed assessment.
In their view the human dignity of the man had been violated.
The Supreme Court is now deciding the amount of the damages.
Even if for legal reasons only a few days of the period in custody are significant for compensation, entitlement to a claim for compensation exists.
Otherwise there would be "fears of deterioration of a person's right to protection".
The Supreme Court must now settle the amount of pecuniary compensation.
Constitutional judges have often strengthened the rights of prisoners in the past.
As recently as April they awarded damages to a prisoner because he had been locked in his cell naked.
A cell with multiple functions and without a separate toilet is also inhumane, according to a decision from 2011.
Furthermore Karlsruhe confirmed on Wednesday that in addition, according to the Berlin Constitutional Court, a prisoner in a parallel case in November 2009 had attested to inhumane accommodation
The prisoner at that time was kept in a similar cell to that in the Karlsruhe case daily between 3 p.m. and 9 p.m. for over three months
Berlin prisons have also hit the headlines in the last few weeks due to lack of staff.
Because of this, prisoners are time and again locked up for 23 hours, aggressiveness rises and it has even led to brawls due to the tense situation.
According to information from the press office of the public prosecutor, 21 positions in Tegel have not been filled due to a lack of young people, and 19 will cease to exist in 2016.
Angela Merkel and the refugee policy: "We can handle it"
The influx of refugees is an enormous challenge – the German Chancellor is determined to accept it.
What changes will we see in Germany?
According to the predictions of the Federal Minister of the Interior, around 800,000 asylum seekers will arrive in Germany this year, and according to a statement by Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel (SPD), Germany is actually in a position to take in a million refugees.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) has demonstrated determination in the face of this unusual challenge. "I say again and again: we can handle it, and we will handle it".
The following is a summary of what is coming to Germany.
According to various forecasts between 350,000 (estimation by the Ministry of buildings) and 400,000 (estimation by the Pestel Institute) homes will be needed annually – and in fact for the next five years.
That is twice as many as are being built at the moment (250,000 homes).
The lack of living space is dramatic but above all for affordable rental properties: between 60,000 and 80,000 social dwellings per year are excluded from rent control and refugees will also compete for these particularly cheap homes.
Federal building minister Barbara Hendricks (SPD) thus wants to double funding from the current €518 million to €1 billion.
In the view of the Pestel Institute this is far too little: 80,000 social dwellings must be developed annually and for this the government must invest a sum of €6.4 billion per year.
Academics and the Federal Building Ministry agree that as well as this more tax benefits must be provided for investment in the building of housing.
According to estimates by the Institute for Employment Research, it could be expected that in the long term 55 percent of the refugees in Germany should be able to work.
However the refugees in Germany are not being systematically asked about their qualifications so as to be able to help them get started, criticised Claudia Walter, project manager for integration and training in the Bertelsmann Foundation.
But it is crucial for the integration of refugees whether they find work in Germany.
Work is the key to social contact and to appreciation of the host society, and also to the self-esteem of the immigrant says migration researcher Dietrich Thränhardt.
According to Thränhardt, a political shift has taken place in Germany: from a ban on employment for refugees to an appreciation of work.
While in the past asylum seekers were forbidden to work for up to five years, this was reduced in November 2014 to three months, as with the residence obligation which limits asylum seekers to one place of domicile.
As far as the majority of society is now concerned, particularly in view of skills shortage, refugees should be allowed to gain faster access to the job market.
One big obstacle to access to the jobs market is the lack of knowledge of the German language.
To date there is still no adequate supply of general and work-related language courses.
Studies also show that jobs are most often found through personal contact.
Thus, in Thränhardt's view, the building of networks is the ideal solution to work integration.
The Berlin school administration has noticed that only a few refugee parents have placed their children in kindergarten; an estimated one to 15 percent. "For the uprooted parents their first priority is to keep the family together," says Ilja Koschembar, spokesman for youth and family affairs in the Berlin Senate administration.
To be able to convince families of the benefits of kindergartens, the administration is issuing leaflets in a number of languages.
If the need for teachers increases sharply because of the large number of refugees the Berlin Senate would try to raise the training capacity, for example by allowing for more technical colleges.
In the states, pupils with no knowledge of German will be prepared for lessons in welcoming classes.
However they will not always be taught by fully qualified teachers but, as in Berlin, also by teachers who only have a qualification in German as a second language.
There is no shortage of these, says Beate Stoffers from the Berlin school administration.
The German student services estimate that around 20 percent of refugees want to study in Germany.
In principle no federal state prohibits asylum seekers or those with long-term refugee status from studying – the only exception up to now was Berlin: Senator for the Interior Frank Henkel (CDU) has however now abandoned his stance.
Refugees who want to study may have their entrance to university facilitated.
Refugees with a residence permit or protection against deportation no longer receive benefits according to the asylum seekers benefits act if they begin a course of study.
In principle the latter receive no grant, as they do not fall into the category of persons entitled to a grant.
Tolerated refugees up to now must have lived for years in Germany in order to be entitled to a grant; from 1 January 2016 this period is reduced to 15 months.
But this financing gap must also be closed, claim Steffen Krach, Berlin's State Secretary for Science, and the German student services.
The students should receive a grant immediately.
Islam will play an important role in the future as the refugees are Muslims and for many religion is an important part of their identity.
The state should gradually grant Islam the same rights as the churches have and the existing state-church law should be developed into a state-religion relationship.
The founding of an Islamic welfare organisation, which looks after new arrivals in a professional manner, is also important.
Rights also involve responsibilities.
Thus the representatives of Islam must agree to clear points of contact and be ready to cooperate with the state in many areas and to concede certain control options.
This also requires the readiness to act courageously against religious fundamentalism.
The chairman of the Central Council of Muslims, Aiman Mazyek, expressed the fear on Thursday that religious conflict could also be brought to Germany.
Those who want to wage such conflict in Germany "have immediately forfeited their right to stay here in Germany," he said on Bavarian radio.
He suggested translating this basic law into Arabic.
In the future integration will be a topic for the whole of society even more than it is today.
This means too that mainstream society will have to change and the removal of discrimination and racism is becoming more urgent.
For nearly 10 years, as a result of European rulings, Germany has had an anti-discrimination agency and a general equality act.
But it is learning very slowly, as the NSU murder series shows, that racist motives are systematically ignored in the police and the authorities.
Equal opportunities for all: what migrant organisations and non-white German pressure groups have demanded for a long time, and to which international treaties such as the anti racism convention in Germany are committed, must become reality in the next 10 years if the country wants to remain at peace and to exploit the opportunities of its new citizens – for the good of everyone.
Germany is in a position generally to provide medical care for the refugees expected up to now, is the opinion of the president of the Doctors' Association, Frank Ulrich Montgomery.
"As far as manpower and capacity are concerned, we can cope," he told the Tagesspiegel.
However extra money must be added to the system for this.
In order to avoid bottlenecks, Montgomery asked for all new arrivals to be issued with healthcare cards when they register.
Services provided can be accounted for with the Federal states later.
And in the long term it is highly doubtful that so many people can be fobbed off with the limited catalogue of services for which the Benefits for Asylum Seekers Act provides.
Apart from this, doctors are making it their priority to deal with the language barrier.
Up to now, as Berlin health researcher Thea Borde has established, migrants have received poorer information about their illnesses than other patients.
Interpreters must be taken on not only in hospitals but also in doctors' practices, she demands.
But many refugees would also already be helped with more general medicine drop-in centres in emergency rooms.
And with a different diagnostic view.
Refugee children for example clearly suffer from more untreated disabilities, and with young people it is more a case of information about HIV.
German doctors though are able to use their training to deal with the partly different disease patterns, said Montgomery
"Parasite infections or tuberculosis are not that difficult to recognise." And because of the refugees there is possibly relief in sight for the shortage of doctors.
Syria has a highly developed educational system and a number of refugees are expected to be doctors.
To be allowed to practice, however, they must prove their qualifications and possibly take more exams.
In the estimation of the Federal Psychotherapeutic Association (BPtK), at least half of the refugees arriving in Germany are mentally ill: most of them are suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder or depression.
Refugee children are particularly vulnerable, explains Dietrich Munz, president of the BPtK.
A soon-to-be published study by the TU in Munich documents that every fifth Syrian refugee child arrives traumatised in Germany.
Those who suffer from post-traumatic stress disorder suffer among other things from so-called flashbacks, difficulties in breathing, dizziness, palpitations and fear of death.
Further symptoms are sleep and concentration disorders, nervousness and emotional numbness.
In order to prevent the symptoms becoming chronic, early treatment is necessary, explained Munz.
Up to now, however, only four percent of mentally ill refugees have received psychotherapy.
Mentally ill asylum seekers are permitted to make an application with the social security services for psychotherapy, but processing usually takes several months.
In addition, it is mostly officials or doctors in the social services who are not trained in psychological illnesses who decide whether therapy is necessary or not.
This frequently leads to false assessments, says Munz.
The ring invites you to dream
With their new "Passion" production, Circus Probst is returning to the traditions of the art of the circus.
The aim is to draw every age group under the spell of mesmerising acrobatics, animal dressage and unique entertainment.
Now Circus Probst is issuing an invitation to dream in the ring at the Ziegelwasen.
"Our passion is our circus."
"I couldn't imagine living without my circus family," says Stephanie Probst, animal trainer and junior manager.
"Passion" - this is the motto for the current production in the ring.
The circus has been owned by the Probst family for over 33 years.
The family has the gift of enthralling people in their blood.
"It's important for us to take people away from their daily lives and to take them with us into another world for two hours," stresses the 27-year-old junior manager.
Director Reinhard Probst calls his concept a "Cocktail in the ring with a cosmopolitan flair".
Fifty towns have the chance to experience this flair on the almost 3000 kilometre-long tour.
The circus programme wins people over with talented artists from all over the world.
Distinguished at the international circus festival in Monte Carlo, the Russian Stoliarov clown family captivate the public with wit and charm.
The Castillo brothers, too, know their craft.
The Cuban duo are ready to compete with the heroes of silent films.
Lightness and agility - these words sum them up.
Their humorous artistry on the pole will win the women's hearts.
Apart from causing numerous bursts of laughter, the Circus Prost's acrobats are also mesmerising with their finesse and suppleness.
Balancing on a ball with a unicycle?
No problem for He Yuan.
Contortionists enthrall and terrify at the same time.
Wang Lin, from China, is better acquainted with the oldest form of acrobatics than most and thrills with his flexibility.
Sixty entertainers from 12 nations offer diversity in every respect.
"The animals belong to our family," insists Staphanie's mother, Brigitte Probst.
Different animal welfare organisations all too often complain about mistreatment of circus animals.
Stephanie Probst has her own answer to this: "If our animals aren't happy, then nor are we".
About 80 animals from five different continents enjoy every bit of attention.
The "four-legged artistes" as they are affectionately known, have their every wish fulfilled as far as possible.
We want to work together with the animals and have fun with them.
If the animal doesn't feel well, it doesn't want to go in the ring either.
So the top priority is to look after the animals well.
The Probst family are especially proud of their zebroid, Jumbo - the offspring of a Shetland pony stallion and a zebra mare.
The two animals lived together in one enclosure for eight years and nothing happened.
"Then suddenly there was our little Jumbo," says Brigitte Probst.
But the zebroid is not yet ready for the ring, instead he is a unique little mascot for the Circus Probst.
There is something for every visitor.
"One thing is for certain," says Stephanie Probst, "regardless of whether there are five or 1,200 people in the audience, we give them our best and do it with all of our hearts.
Circus Probst invites you to come and see their show every day from 17 to 20 September at 5 p.m. and 8 p.m.
The programme begins at 11 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Sunday.
Thursday is family day; there is a discount on the price of the show.
And the animal show is open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe delivers wrong speech in parliament
Mr Mugabe, Africa's oldest leader, earlier this year fell down the steps leading from a podium.
He was unhurt, but video of the fall went viral on social media.
The opening of parliament was also tarnished by claims by opposition legislators that they had received anonymous death threats warning them against booing Mr Mugabe during his address.
Last month, they booed and heckled him during his state of the nation address in parliament - which is the speech he repeated on Tuesday.
Movement for Democratic Change (MDC) chief whip Innocent Gonese said seven opposition politicians received text messages on their mobile phones warning them not to disrupt Nr Mugabe's address.
"The message is coming from a number which is not reflecting but it's titled 'death'," he told journalists after Mr Mugabe's speech.
It warns the members concerned to know that immunity ends at parliament and once they step out of parliament that parliamentary immunity does not operate.
The chief whip said the party, led by Morgan Tsvangirai, is "worried" about the threats to its politicians.
Hewlett-Packard to cut up to 30,000 jobs
Hewlett-Packard expects to cut 25,000 to 30,000 jobs as part of its restructuring and cost-saving efforts at it enterprise services business.
HP is splitting into two listed companies later this year, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.
The expected job cuts will result in a charge of about $2.7bn, beginning in the fourth quarter, HP said in a statement.
"These restructuring activities will enable a more competitive, sustainable cost structure for the new Hewlett Packard Enterprise," said Meg Whitman, the HP chairman and chief executive who will head the unit after the split.
"Hewlett Packard Enterprise will be smaller and more focused than HP is today, and we will have a broad and deep portfolio of businesses that will help enterprises transition to the new style of business," said Whitman.
As a separate company, we are better positioned than ever to meet the evolving needs of our customers around the world.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise will have more than $50bn in annual revenue and "will be focused on delivering unrivaled integrated technology solutions" to companies, according to a company statement.
It breaks up a company formed in the 1930s by Stanford University graduates Bill Hewlett and Dave Packard to make electric equipment, and whose Palo Alto garage has been dubbed "the birthplace of Silicon Valley."
HP has been undergoing a massive reorganisation to cope with the move away from traditional personal computers to mobile devices.
The move by HP, the world's second-largest PC maker and one of the biggest US tech firms, is the latest in the sector based on the belief that tightly focused firms perform better.
Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta says team-mates must get behind injured Jack Wilshere ahead of Dinamo Zagreb tie
Wenger has also stressed to Wilshere that it is still only September and, providing his rehabilitation goes to plan, there is no reason why he cannot be back playing by Christmas.
That best-case scenario already means that Wilshere is certain to miss at least the next four England games and, given his history, his involvement in next summer's European Championship is clearly uncertain.
The great shame of this latest problem is that Wilshere had finished last season strongly after a separate ankle injury and then looked back to his old sharpness during pre-season.
"This kind of injury is not career-threatening," said Wenger.
It is a bone that did not heal well.
It is nothing major.
This was just an accident.
It was not linked with his ankles or with the injuries he had before.
That might be true from a purely medical perspective but, as Wenger also acknowledged, there is the related danger of further injuries whenever any player tries to return midseason.
There is also an uncomfortable pattern developing.
Research by Premier Injuries Ltd records 23 different Wilshere ailments since he made his debut six years ago.
He has also played in only 65 of Arsenal's 157 league games during the last five seasons.
The wider picture for Arsenal is that in six out of eight seasons since 2007-08, they have been one of the two Premier League clubs to lose most days through injury.
Wenger accepts the potential of a vicious circle but Arsenal believe that an improvement in their injury record during last season will continue.
"Sometimes, when you are coming back from an injury, you have a vulnerable period, a time when you need to strengthen your body and gain competition," said Wenger.
Jack is young enough to get over that.
I hope his body stabilises, I am confident it will and he will make a career of the kind he deserves.
With Arsenal beginning their Champions League campaign on Wednesday night against Dinamo Zagreb ahead of matches with Chelsea on Saturday and Tottenham Hotspur next Wednesday, Wenger is preparing to rotate his team.
Héctor Bellerín and Aaron Ramsey have not travelled to Croatia, meaning Mathieu Debuchy and Arteta are likely to start.
Wenger may also begin with Kieran Gibbs and Olivier Giroud in place of Nacho Monreal and Theo Walcott.
"I try to keep the balance and give a little breather to players who need it," said Wenger.
Although Arsenal are clear favourites to progress through Group F, the Maksimir stadium in Zagreb is among Europe's most intimidating.
Dinamo are also unbeaten in 41 matches after producing their own "Invincible" campaign last season.
The stadium was shaken on Tuesday night by an earth tremor that measured 3.2 on the Richter.
It was the 10th in Zagreb this year.
Wenger believes that Arsenal have learnt the lesson of last season's Champions League capitulation against Monaco and remains driven by the distant hope of managing the club to a first European Cup triumph.
"This drive is immense," said Wenger.
It has never been done at Arsenal.
We were very close in 2006 but, on the other hand, I am long enough to be realistic.
We are ambitious but we are not dreamers.
FriendsFest: the comedy show that taught us serious lessons about male friendship
The absence of similar portrayals in shows is glaring, particularly given how the need for men to open up is more desperate now than ever, with suicide rates amongst young males at 15 year high.
In 2013, it was the single biggest cause of death in men aged 20-45 in the UK, and remains three times more common in males than females.
In a bid to address the problem, the Campaign Against Living Miserably (CALM) announced 2015 as the Year of the Male, aiming to challenge the culture that prevents men from seeking help when they need it.
Friendship lies at the heart of the battle to meet this challenge.
A recent study of more than 2,000 high-school students displaying depressive symptoms found that if the sufferer had a high enough percentage of "healthy mood" friends, their chances of recovering doubled.
Equally, for those not depressed, a circle of mentally healthy friends halved the chances of mental challenges arising.
But of course, for friendship to work, it needs to be accessible in the first place.
In this age of social-media led communication, with its focus on style over substance, immediacy of response is often prioritised over meaningful contact.
Our digital lives have doubled the need to appear strong, fun-loving and successful, even if in reality isolation is king.
This superficial success is dominated by what psychologists term extrinsic values; money, image, social status, all at the expense of intrinsic values - our inner yearning for personal growth and friendship - that more deeply impacts our mental health.
And as a billionaire video-game creator explained recently, money really doesn't buy greater happiness.
The beauty of Friends was that it turned this focus on its head.
Each of the characters were not defined by their work, but rather their personalities, which shone through the interaction as friends.
The humour of Joey and Chandler's frequent hugs, moments watching football on the comfy chairs, and Ross's pining for Rachel, came from the knowledge that yes, men can all relate to this, even if they often hold back from fully exploring their feelings.
As a Samaritan worker explained to me: ...."my listening role to people feeling depressed and suicidal has really highlighted how even the smallest interactions from friends can make a difference."
Often the men who contact us feel unable to speak to friends.
The old adage of "getting on with it" is strong, as is the sense that it will be perceived as weak to open up about problems."
Friends is one of the shows that comes to mind when I try and offer more long-term coping mechanisms.
It highlighted the little moments of male friendship.
As much as my objective, outsider status over the phone helps people in moments of desperation, the long-term support comes from a close, personal family and friend network.
And so, if you attend Comedy Central's FriendsFest this weekend, with the sets fully redesigned in celebration, why not take your friends for a drink at Central Perk.
Or, better still, if in Starbucks you see someone alone, give a smile and say hello.
You never know what difference your friendship could make.
Friends is broadcasting on Comedy Central from start to finish - the full 236 episodes - for #FriendsFest
Di Maria scores to help PSG swat aside Malmo
Angel Di Maria celebrates with Blaise Matuidi and Edinson Cavani after scoring against Malmo.
Angel Di Maria scored on his Champions League debut to help PSG ease past Swedish side Malmo on Tuesday.
Here's the match report and reaction to the game.
Angel Di Maria and Edinson Cavani were on target as Paris Saint-Germain began their Champions League campaign with an ultimately comfortable 2-0 win against Malmo at the Parc des Princes on Tuesday.
Di Maria scored less than four minutes into his Champions League debut as a PSG player to set the French champions on their way, but they missed a succession of opportunities before finally extending their advantage when Cavani headed home in the 61st minute.
With Real Madrid and Shakhtar Donetsk also in Group A, Paris needed a strong start against the Swedish champions as they target not just qualification for the knockout rounds but an improvement on their runs to the quarter-finals in each of the last three campaigns.
But while they got the points, it was not a vintage display by Laurent Blanc's side with Zlatan Ibrahimovic wasteful in front of goal and later being substituted against his hometown team and the club with whom he started his illustrious career back in 1999.
"It's not easy to win at home or away in the Champions League, so to win 2-0, cause our opponents problems and look comfortable at the back is a good start even if there are certain things we will need to perfect as the season goes on," said Blanc.
It augurs well.
We wanted to win and we did, although I regret that we did not score one or two goals more.
Ibrahimovic returned after injury in one of three changes to the Paris team that had been held to a 2-2 draw at home by Bordeaux in Ligue 1 at the weekend, but he was upstaged in the fourth minute by Di Maria.
The Argentina winger was labelled as the man to take PSG to the next level in Europe when he was signed from Manchester United last month, and he indicated why as he ran onto Marco Verratti's pass in behind the Malmo defence before angling a beautiful finish past Johan Wiland and into the far corner of the net.
However, if anyone then expected PSG to romp to a big victory, they were to be disappointed.
Malmo, who beat Celtic in a play-off to reach this stage, lined up with nine full internationals on the field at kick-off and, with a five-man defence and two deep in midfield, were stuffy opponents.
But, save for a Nikola Djurdjic shot that slid just wide of Kevin Trapp's far post in the 34th minute, they offered little in attack.
Instead, PSG let themselves down at times with some wasteful passing and poor finishing, not least from Ibrahimovic, who failed to convert no fewer than five attempts in the first half alone and was then let down by his touch having been put in by Cavani just after the restart.
Nevertheless, he proved much more adept when it came to setting up his colleagues, and it was from an Ibrahimovic pass that Di Maria sent in a curling shot which was tipped around the post by Wiland on 52 minutes.
The second goal finally arrived just after the hour mark thanks to Cavani, the Uruguayan heading home his sixth of the season after Ibrahimovic had flicked on a left-wing cross from Maxwell.
That ended any ideas that Malmo had of coming back into the game, and only a superb stop by Wiland from point-blank range to deny David Luiz kept the final score down before substitute Ezequiel Lavezzi had a goal disallowed right at the death.
Malmo coach Age Hareide later admitted PSG were a class above his side, the Norwegian saying: "Our last Champions League game was in December last year."
Since then we have only played in the Swedish league which is not the same level.
The qualifiers are not enough.
Hats off to Paris.
It was a magnificent match from them.
Glencore raises $2.5 billion in share sales
Swiss-based mining giant Glencore, hit by collapsing commodities prices, on Wednesday raised $2.5 billion via a shares sale as part of its vast debt-slashing plan.
London-listed Glencore said in a statement that it had sold new shares worth about £1.6 billion to pay down debt.
The company, which has lost 57 percent of its market value this year, is grappling with tumbling commodity prices as China's economic slowdown weighs on demand and sparks havoc across markets.
The rights issue sent Glencore's share price soaring to the top of the London stock market in early morning deals on Wednesday.
Shares jumped 2.77 percent to 131.60 pence on the FTSE 100 index, which opened 0.69 percent higher.
Glencore had last week revealed the $2.5-billion shares sale as part of broader plans to slash its $30 billion debt pile by about a third.
The company sold the new stock at 125 pence per share, which marked a 2.4-percent discount to the closing price on Tuesday.
It offloaded 1.3 billion shares worth up to 9.99 percent of the group.
Concerns over prolonged stalled Chinese growth have slashed iron ore prices by roughly a half, as coal, copper and other commodities have fallen by 20 to 40 percent.
Refugees arrive in Weimar
On Tuesday afternoon 49 people reach the municipality of Weimar after a mostly long flight.
The refugees come from Syria, Albania, Afghanistan, Macedonia and Somalia.
The youngest arrival is a six month old girl from Syria.
White House Confirms Xi Jinping's Washington Visit
Chinese President Xi Jinping will make a state visit to the U.S. at the end of the month, the White House confirmed in a statement on Tuesday.
The visit, Xi's first official one to Washington, will take place on Sept. 25 and reciprocates President Barack Obama's trip to Beijing last November, the statement said.
The U.S. President and First Lady Michelle Obama will also host Xi and his wife Peng Liyuan at a state dinner that evening, after the two leaders have engaged in bilateral talks.
"President Xi's visit will present an opportunity to expand U.S.-China cooperation on a range of global, regional, and bilateral issues of mutual interest, while also enabling President Obama and President Xi to address areas of disagreement constructively," the statement added.
Xi, whose visit was first announced in February, is expected to stop in Seattle to meet several U.S. tech leaders on his way to Washington, before going on to New York City for the U.N. General Assembly on Sept.
Obama and Xi are expected to broach a range of contentious issues, including Washington's concerns over China's alleged cyberespionage and its increasing assertiveness in the disputed waters of the South China Sea.
440 hp sports car rented and written off
A 29-year-old wanted to fulfil a dream and rented a Ford Mustang.
He got a rude awakening on the wet motorway.
A company in the district of Gotha allows you to fulfil your dream by renting out and driving an American V8 Ford Mustang Boss 302 440 hp sports car.
So the 29-year-old from the Gotha district did just that.
The end of his dream came on the A 71 motorway near Arnstadt.
The 29-year-old lost control of the sports car, got into a skid on the wet road and drove into the crash barrier.
The sports car was a write-off but no one was injured.
Damage is estimated at €40,000.
Xavi: Pep Guardiola prevented switch to FC Bayern in 2008
World and European champion Xavi has played for the al-Sadd Sport Club in Qatar since summer 2015.
A few years ago, FC Bayern was apparently close to committing to Spain's superstar Xavi, who at the time was playing for FC Barcelona.
Eight times Spanish champion, three times cup winner, four times Champions League winner, twice club world champion, twice European champion, one time world champion - Xavi's list of titles is breath-taking.
In the summer the then 35-year-old left FC Barcelona after 24 years and transferred to Qatar and the al-Sadd Sport Club.
But in an interview with Marca, Xavi reveals now that just before the 2008 European Championship he was ready to leave Barcelona.
"I was told that Barça wanted to sell me."
"At the time Madrid were winning everything and we weren't," he says.
And FC Bayern noticed that too.
Xavi: "There was an offer from Bayern."
"Rummenigge wanted to have me."
A quick reminder: in the summer of 2008, Jürgen Klinsmann took over at FC Bayern.
Guardiola was the reason that Xavi did not transfer.
The transfer never happened.
And instead the crucial man now works for the German record champion: Pep Guardiola.
Xavi explains why. "Barça had signed on Guardiola and I played a brilliant European Championship."
"Pepe told me that I shouldn't transfer, that he couldn't imagine the team without me."
"He got me with that."
Who knows how Bayern's 2008/2009 season would have turned out if Xavi had left.
Xavi covered the entire distance on the turf for Barça in the quarter final of the Champions League against Bayern, knocked the Reds out (4:0, 1:1) and at the end celebrated the premiere class triumph.
Matt Damon downplays diversity in filmmaking
Matt Damon confronted African-American filmmaker Effie Brown during a discussion on diversity saying it wasn't needed behind the scenes.
During Sunday night's episode of HBO's Project Greenlight, the seasoned actor cut Brown off while she was emphasizing the need for alternative perspectives regarding a black protagonist in the project's chosen screenplay.
"When we're talking about diversity you do it in the casting of the film not in the casting of the show," Damon asserted.
Shocked, Brown reacted with offended disbelief, letting out "Hoo! Wow. Okay," as The Martian actor's comments settled in the air.
Damon and Brown were joined by fellow producers Ben Affleck and the Farrelly brothers to discuss the show's finalists.
"I would urge people to think about -- whoever the director is, how they're going to treat the character of Harmony," Brown initially said.
The only black character who's a hooker who gets hit by her white pimp.
The Dear White People producer pushed for finalists Leo Angelos and Kristen Brancaccio for the rights to direct the film; Damon retorted their directing could "end up giving us something we don't want."
After the discussion aired, social media exploded in disapproval over Damon's comments.
Twitter user MrPooni expressed anger toward the clip writing, "Matt Damon speaking over the only black person in the room so he can explain diversity to her is SO WHITE it hurts."
The tweet earned more than 5,000 retweets and 4,000 likes since being posted.
Damon's comments come at a time where accurate racial representation in media is at the forefront of social discussion.
After teen Michael Brown was killed by a white police officer in 2014, the Black Lives Matter movement took nationwide effect, urging lawmakers and authorities to halt discriminatory practices against people of color.
In February, singer Prince alluded to the movement while introducing the nominees of Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards.
"Albums still matter," he said.
Like books and black lives, albums still matter.
More recently, leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement released a statement in response to Fox News personality Elisabeth Hasselbeck's question of whether the group should be considered a hate group.
"The Black Lives Matter Network is a love group," leaders said.
Damon was recently announced as one of a list of entertainers, producers and media moguls invited to visit the Pope to discuss the Catholic Church's portrayal in the West.
Whether he accepted the invitation or has already met with the Pope is unclear.
'American Ninja Warrior' crowns first champion
Pro-rock climber and busboy Isaac Caldiero became the first athlete to win American Ninja Warrior Monday night taking home the $1 million grand prize.
The competition show, which just wrapped up its 7th season, has never seen any competitor complete all stages of its obstacle course.
During the season finale, two men, Caldiero and cameraman Geoff Britten, made it to the final round.
The final task involved climbing a 75-foot rope in 30 seconds.
Britten went first completing the challenge on time, making him the first-ever athlete to complete American Ninja Warrior's grueling stage 4, however, Caldiero finished the challenge a full three seconds faster making him the winner.
Caldiero spoke with E!News after the hard-fought victory, still in shock about winning the $1 million grand prize.
"I mean it's amazing to think about, like I've never made or lived off more than $10,000 a year," Isaac told E! of his serious pay-bump.
So to all of a sudden...like I can't even imagine what it's going to be like...the future is unknown.
Executive producer Kent Weed sat down with The Hollywood Reporter to discuss the finale and why, despite Britten being the first ever competitor to finish the course, won't be awarded any prize money.
By the rules, the money goes to the fastest person.
"If there's more than one finisher, the one with the fastest time gets it," said Weed.
As much as the money is a wonderful prize and life changing, he does get the great gratification.
I don't think he harbors any ill will about it.
He's just so happy to have done what he's done.
He's received tons of accolades from fans.
He's such a great guy, and a family man.
He's a hero to his kids and his wife.
Geoff said to me, "If I was going to be beat by someone, I'm glad it's Isaac."
And I think Isaac would have felt the same way if they roles were reversed.
America Ninja Warrior was renewed for an eighth season, which will begin filming in Spring 2016.
Detroit Tigers tiptoe past Minnesota Twins
MINNEAPOLIS -- The second half the season hasn't been a lot of fun for the Detroit Tigers.
Once one of the best teams in baseball, the Tigers are now in last place in the American League Central.
Reducing to being a spoiler, the Tigers played the part perfectly Tuesday, beating the Minnesota Twins 5-4 at Target Field.
The Twins squandered a chance to climb to within one-half game of the Houston Astros for the second American League wild-card spot.
For Detroit, if only for one night, it was a return of the three-letter F-word that has been so elusive over much of the season's second half.
"All wins are fun, no matter how it happens," Tigers manager Brad Ausmus said.
Tigers pitcher Alfredo Simon made his early offensive support hold up, as Detroit scored three times in the first two innings, then tacked one in the sixth and one more in the ninth.
Simon (13-9) pitched 6 1/3 innings and allowed three runs.
It was only his third quality start in his past nine outings.
"I just want to finish strong this year," Simon said.
It's hard for the bullpen to throw every game, and that's why I want to go deep into the game.
Tigers designated hitter Victor Martinez had three hits and drove in two runs, his first RBIs since mid-August.
It was Martinez's first three-hit night since he had four hits against the Seattle Mariners on July 6.
"He swung the bat well," Ausmus said.
He looked good in (batting practice), looked noticeably better in BP, and he carried it right into the game.
Trailing by three runs in the bottom of the seventh inning, the Twins had their best chance to get back into the game.
Center fielder Byron Buxton led off the inning with a double down the left field line.
Right fielder Aaron Hicks reached on a bunt single, and Simon got second baseman Brian Dozier to strike out swinging before being lifted for left-hander Blaine Hardy.
Hardy walked Mauer, the only man he faced, ahead of rookie designated hitter Miguel Sano, who ripped a two-run single to left off right-hander Drew VerHagen.
With a pair of runners on and the tying run at second, VerHagen got third baseman Trevor Plouffe to ground into a double play.
It was the major-league-leading 27th time this season that Plouffe hit into a DP.
After Detroit tacked on an insurance run in the top of the ninth, Mauer ripped an RBI double to the gap against Tigers closer Bruce Rondon to make it 5-4.
However, the right-hander struck out Sano on three pitches for his fifth save.
Detroit took advantage of a rusty Phil Hughes in the early going.
The Tigers posted three runs in the first two innings against the veteran right-hander, who came off the disabled list before the game after missing more than a month because of lower back inflammation.
"Obviously not the start I'd like to have," Hughes said, "but I felt more comfortable as I went along and felt I was able to execute some pretty good pitches there in the third inning."
After getting the leadoff batter in the first, Hushes gave up a single to second baseman Ian Kinsler.
A two-out walk to right fielder J.D. Martinez brought up Victor Martinez, who singled up the middle for the first run of the game.
Victor Martinez snapped his 0-for-21 streak with runners in scoring position.
Third baseman Nick Castellanos followed with a single to right, scoring another run, but Victor Martinez was thrown out trying to advance to third, ending the threat.
The Tigers added on in the second, getting a one-out double from catcher James McCann and a two-out single by center fielder Anthony Gose to make it 3-0.
"That was a big hit," Twins manager Paul Molitor said.
He didn't hit it particularly well, but he got it in the right spot.
Hughes, who was on a pitch count, pitched a scoreless third inning before being replaced by right-handed reliever A.J. Achter.
Hughes was charged with three runs on six hits and a walk with four strikeouts.
NOTES: Tigers RHP Anibal Sanchez was shut down with a strain in his throwing shoulder.
He will be examined by Dr. James Andrews, who performed surgery on Sanchez's shoulder back in 2007.
Sanchez, on the disabled list with a shoulder strain since mid-August, was scheduled to be activated for a Wednesday start.
With Sanchez out, LHP Daniel Norris will come off the DL to start against the Twins.
Norris is 1-1 in four starts with the Tigers since being acquired in a trade for LHP David Price on July 30.
He has been out since Aug. 20 with a strained right oblique.
The Tigers and Twins will wrap up their three-game series at Target Field on Wednesday.
Norris (2-2, 4.43 ERA) will oppose Minnesota RHP Ervin Santana (5-4, 4.73 ERA).
Hundreds of refugees to be given accommodation in Wiesbaden
A train carrying hundreds of refugees is on the way to Hesse.
They are expected to arrive by Wednesday night.
The people who have travelled there will then be housed in emergency shelters in Wiesbaden, according to a statement made by the city of Wiesbaden on Tuesday evening.
They estimate that between 450 and 750 refugees will arrive.
A number of sports halls in the Hessian capital have been prepared for this eventuality over the last few days.
Up to 1000 refugees can be provided with temporary accommodation in these.
After this they should be redistributed to other communities.
According to a statement by the regional council of Giessen, responsible for their initial reception, 7500 people have arrived in Hesse in the past ten days alone
Due to the large number of refugees, emergency shelter has also been set up in sports halls in Frankfurt and Hanau.
Ischinger: German military action in Syria an option
The head of the Munich Security Conference, Wolfgang Ischinger, believes that military action in Syria with participation from Germany is a possibility.
"I believe that determined consideration about military courses of action should not take place without Germany," he said.
He accused the European nations of "collectively looking the other way".
Four years ago one would have been happy for the chalice of military involvement to pass Germany by.
"Now the conflict has come crashing down at our front door," he said on the German World Service.
The former German Ambassador to Washington also called for a massive increase in international aid locally for the refugees.
Austria running checks on southern and eastern borders
According to Germany, Austria has once more introduced checks to its southern and eastern borders.
The Austrian Interior Minister, Johanna Mikl-Leitner, stated on the Austrian television channel ORF on Tuesday evening that currently nobody is being sent back to Hungary.
Nor has Germany sent any refugees back to Austria.
"No, that is the agreement," she confirmed.
On the question of an agreement about whether a specific number of refugees per day can be taken to go to Germany from Austria, Mikl-Leitner said that discussions on this matter have already been held between the general director for public security and representatives of Germany.
She gave no specific figures and referred to talks in Berlin on Wednesday.
Over the last few days tens of thousands of refugees have arrived in Austria from Hungary over the so-called Balkan route.
Most of them are heading to Germany.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel (CDU) and her Austrian colleague, Werner Faymann, together with a number of other EU states and heads of government, are proposing a special summit for next week.
On Sunday Germany started to impose temporary border controls.
To date the EU states have not been able to agree to a common approach to the crisis.
At a special meeting next Tuesday (22 September) the EU interior ministers want to make a new attempt at a mandatory redistribution of a further 120,000 refugees.
In view of the heavy influx of refugees into Germany, the Federal government wants to provide more support to the states with initial reception and distribution of people.
The Federal government will manage this jointly with the states, announced Merkel late on Tuesday evening after a discussion lasting almost four hours with the Prime Minister in the Chancellor's office in Berlin.
Merkel stressed that those people who need protection will get it.
But those who have no prospects of permanent residency will not be able to stay in Germany.
This opinion is also clearly generally shared.
The Chancellor stressed that the country as a whole must now make a "huge effort".
Thousands of desperate refugees are currently stuck on the Balkan route.
On Monday night Hungary closed its 175 km long border with Serbia.
A few hours later the government in Budapest announced that it was also going to seal off the border with Romania with a fence.
Unlike Serbia these neighbouring countries belong to the EU.
Hungary wants to prevent people smugglers finding alternative routes through Romania, said Hungary's Foreign Minister Peter Szijjarto about the planned new border fences.
The Romanian government immediately condemned the plan.
The first arrests of people who had breached the fence have taken place.
In Turkey meanwhile, according to eyewitness reports, thousands more migrants are heading for the Greek borders.
"Cassini" space probe finds ocean on Saturn's moon Enceladus
Under the icy crust of Saturn's moon Enceladus splashes a global ocean.
Scientists have deduced this from observing the "Cassini" space probe
This is the reason the moon wobbles slightly in its orbit of the ringed planet.
This wobbling is only minor, but nevertheless too much for a solid celestial body, it was stated on Tuesday in a communication from Cornell University in Ithica in the US state of New York.
The scientists have published their findings in the "Icarus" scientific journal.
It has long been known that there must be liquid water under Enceladus's crust of ice.
"Cassini" had already discovered ice volcanoes, which spew water vapour and ice particles that feed the so-called E ring of Saturn, at the south pole of this moon in 2006.
Astonomers concluded at the time that there had to be a subsurface sea at least at the south pole.
The extent of the hidden ocean was however not clear.
Rama absent from 1860 Munich for several weeks
1860 Munich must do without attacking midfielder Valdet Rama for about a month.
An examination revealed that the 27-year-old has suffered an adductor injury, the club revealed.
Rama had complained of pain at the beginning of the week.
According to the Munich Lions, the diagnosis means "probably a four week compulsory break".
"It's hit us hard. Rama is a bitter loss."
"We have to think about it of course," Sports Director Necat Aygün told the "Bild" newspaper, regarding the possible engagement of a professional who is not attached to a club.
However the next training guest the sexagenarian is due to present is a defender.
Thirty-year-old Hrvoje Cale last played in Belgium and was formerly under contract to VfL Wolfsburg.
At the moment the Croatian has "the opportunity to prove himself".
Following his concussion, goal scorer Rubin Okotie is returning to training with the team in the coming week.
The Austrian international should be getting back to training runs on Thursday.
Okotie sustained a head injury in a violent collision in the match with Fortuna Dusseldorf (0:3).
Contrary to initial fears, however, the wound was not serious.
Not a diet fruit – mangoes contain a lot of sugar
Mangoes are exotic, juicy and sweet.
But anybody watching their waistline should avoid them.
Because mangoes have a relatively high sugar content – primarily sucrose.
The exotic fruit is nevertheless healthy: they contain B vitamins as well as vitamins E and C. But most of all mangoes are full of vitamin A and its precursor, beta-carotene.
Eating the fruit boosts the sight, immune system and the body's metabolic processes.
When buying mangoes they should not be too soft or too firm and they should have a pleasant aroma.
It is not possible to tell from the colour of the skin how ripe the fruit is – even green mangoes can taste delicious.
They should be kept at room temperature and consumed within a few days.
They are delicious on their own or in sweet dishes.
A mango also gives a special touch even to savoury dishes.
They mitigate the slightly bitter taste of some leaf salads such as chicory and radicchio.
And a mango chutney goes well with fish, poultry, lamb and game.
US parcel service UPS is again taking on up to 9,500 temporary staff for its Christmas service in the USA.
The company has already started to recruit seasonal workers, UPS reported on Tuesday.
We are loooking for drivers in particular.
In the past few years, UPS increased its workforce by 9,500 for the four day season.
In light of booming online business, UPS and its competitor FedEx have for several years been making provisions earlier in order to be prepared for Christmas business.
In 2013 there was harsh criticism of late deliveries by the parcel service.
First a foehn storm, then a pronounced cold front
The foehn will break through in the valleys on the northen side of the Alps in the coming night, Meteoschweiz announced on Tuesday.
The foehn will blow through the Foehn Valleys on Wednesday, continuing through the night, sometimes at gale force.
Once the foehn has died away on Thursday morning a prominent cold front will cut across our region, bringing heavy rainfall, gusty winds and a drop in temperature.
According to MeteoNews, Switzerland is currently facing an extensive area of low pressure being brought from the British Isles in a strong southwestern flow.
The foehn will break through the valleys on the northern sides of the Alps during Tuesday night.
The foehn will then blow through the Foehn Valleys until Thursday morning with gusts of 60 to 100 km/h; occasionally, and particularly in the canton of Uri, increasing at times to over 100 km/h.
In places the foehn may advance into the adjacent midland, and on the mountains gale force winds of over 120 km/h are even possible.
While in the north stormy foehns on Wednesday will bring summery temperatures of 23 to 27 degrees, moisture will begin to build up on the southern slopes of the Alps.
Here it will start to rain and this will continue until Thursday evening.
Over the next 48 hours the south of the Alps can expect over 100 litres of rain per square metre in places, following on from a large volume of rain which has fallen over the last few days.
On Thursday morning the foehn will die down, resulting in a cold front with heavy, sometimes thundery rain rolling from west to east over Switzerland.
In conjunction with the cold front, the wind will get stronger increasing to stormy, and temperatures will decrease sharply.
The following days will be autumnal in the north with temperatures of 15 to 20 degrees, whereas in the south it will be sunnier and warmer at the weekend with temperatures up to 25 degrees.
Rome now has a Martin Luther Square
Some 500 years after the Reformation, Rome now has a Martin Luther Square.
In the presence of the Mayor of the City, Ignazio Marino, a hitherto unnamed square in the park on the Oppio Hill was on Wednesday bestowed with the name of the German reformer.
On the "Piazza Martin Lutreo" he is now recognised as the "German theologian of the Reformation".
The park is in the centre of Rome right next to the Colosseum
The consortium of Evangelical churches in Rome proposed the choice of name.
Jens-Martin Kruse, minister of the Evangelical Lutheran community in Rome, recalled on Wednesday that for centuries Protestants in the Pope's city often had to hide their faith.
The square is a visual symbol that their tradition of the Christian faith is welcome in Rome.
As a young Augustinian monk, Martin Luther (1483-1546) stayed in Rome for a few months at the turn of the year between 1510 and 1511.
At the time he considered the city to be a degenerate hotbed of vice.
According to historians, his negative impressions may have been reinforced in his later fight against Rome.
Luther heralded the beginning of the Western Church with his theses against the selling of indulgences.
Talented artist invests three years in his personal interpretation of the Bible.
Jesus with the (gilded) crown of thorns is one of the major works that Otmar Alt has painted for his Bible.
Klaus Altepost has written an introduction and updated the text of the Bible.
In the beginning was the word?
No, not in the Otmar Alt Bible, which has now been issued with magnificent pictures.
For Otmar Alt, who has devised his own personal interpretation of biblical stories in 150 motifs on paper and canvas, in the beginning was the picture.
The 75-year-old conceived his "language" with bright colours and imaginative forms - which are however by no means synonymous with "funny" pictures.
On the contrary: depending on the respective themes, they can appear to be thoroughly gloomy.
Otmar Alt worked on his Bible project for around three years and for this project he made a subjective choice from an artistic perspective from the many subject areas in the "Book of books".
Cycles evolved, dedicated to topics such as the Way of the Cross, plagues, the Commandments or the Lord's Prayer.
Without even approaching them, he immediately attacted multiple partners: this applies to the Luther Verlag, a publisher specialising in theological works as well as the Kettler Verlag, who focus on publishing art books.
And in particular author Klaus Altepost, who has grappled with the particular Bible passages based on the paintings.
He has interpreted the Bible texts selected by Otmar Alt and "translated" them to the current day, in a topical context.
These texts are like verbal mirrors of Alt's paintings.
They are embedded between the original Bible quotations of Martin Luther and each composition by the artist, who has here formulated his own personal concepts for the respective situations.
The decorated cover of the book is lettered in gold.
The 75-year-old allows at the same time a twofold insight, deep into both his soul and his emotions.
This is particularly intimate.
Ultimately, his emotions were the key trigger for the Bible project: Otmar Alt, who was born in Wernigerode in 1940 and grew up in Berlin, comes from a family belonging to the strict Protestant Herrnhut order.
"Education there took place under the shadow of the cane", remembers Otmar Alt.
"I have tried to process this, so that perhaps I can come to terms with the Lord again.
His second point is that he wants to help art once more to take a more significant place in this fast moving age: "The perception of the visual world today is shaped by advertising, which is loud.
Symbolism has been driven out.
Artists have a different passion and joy in presenting things.
Pictures always have something mysterious about them; they are not decoration.
"In this respect, I am a dinosaur."
Otmar Alt wants his viewers to let themselves "fall into" the pictures, to let them leave their impression, to discover and experience the power they have: "The picture is looking for its counterpart".
At the launch of the Otmar Alt Bible on Tuesday, Klaus Altepost confessed to having "always" been a lover of Otmar Alt's art: "I like the way he sees life with his pictures".
Alt was not interested in recording the whole of the Bible, selecting only the the themes which were for him the most significant and also the most mysterious.
"This wasn't a collaboration between partners," says Altepost, "it was about the pictures; the text is merely an explanation." The result is a picture Bible.
For Hans Möhler of the Luther Verlag this work is an invitation "to add depth to his life and to find freedom".
Otmar Alt's pictures speak, for Möhler, the (biblical) language of love as well as that of responsibility.
Some of the originals - paper and canvas - will be shown for the first time in an exhibition which opens on 15th November in the Otmar Alt Foundation.
Start of construction draws closer for BMX track
Plans made, site found, company commissioned, mound for a circuit modelled: one year later, everything was nearly finished - but even before the official opening of the BMX track it was closed again.
Political and administrative failings caused anger, particularly with residents who did not want to put up with the track.
So the mound was demolished and the search began for a new site - now with a formal application for planning permission.
Approval will be received in October, chief local councillor Sabine Mosebach-Boch has now been able to inform the children's and young people's committee.
"I hope that this year something will be seen to happen," she said.
The work should then be started without any "further pause for thought" at the site of the former indoor swimming pool.
DFB steps up its commitment to refugees
The German football league gave clear indications at the weekend that the DFB is extending its commitment to refugees to 2019.
Football has reacted to the deteriorating situation in Germany and promised politicians its help with the current problems.
"I consider this to be the biggest challenge in our country since reunification."
"Basically nobody knows, it's no concern of mine, it's not my doing."
"It is in the interests of everybody to get to grip with this issue," says DFB chief Wolfgang Niersbach.
He wants to debate the subject of the refugee situation in Germany intensively at the annual meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on 23 September in Berlin.
I'm going to be in the Chancellor's office next Wednesday and I'm meeting there with State Minister Ms Özoğuz and the Chancellor."
"I'm sure the topic will play a central role there," he announces.
Football can and will help.
But the politicians must set the deciding guidelines.
The German Football Association has therefore extended its refugee initiative "1:0 for a welcome" to four years.
"Through the Egidius-Braun foundation we have ensured that this program will continue until 2019," declared Niersbach on the brink of the UEFA meeting in St Julian's, Malta
Several teams are also supporting the programme.
This very weekend the 36 professional clubs will be sending out a clear message when they wear the words "We are helping – #refugeeswelcome" on the left sleeve of their strip instead of the usual sponsor's logo (Hermes).
"We are doing this to make it clear that everyone should help where and in any way they can," Leverkusen's sport boss Rudi Völler told the "Bild" newspaper on Tuesday, and describes the scheme as "a matter of course".
"The refugee drama concerns everyone, nobody can look away."
"We football teams can, no, we must use our charisma, our influence, and our opportunities to help the many refugees who have already suffered tremendously," says Hertha manager Michael Preetz.
Hoffenheim's Managing Director Peter Rettig spoke of a prominent signal by the league.
The women's national team is inviting 100 refugees to Halle (Saale) for the World Cup qualifying match against Hungary.
Niersbach describes supporting the refugees as "a grand joint effort by German football."
It is amazing that all 36 licensed clubs have started their own projects in their own locations.
It is just as amazing that both small and large clubs are doing this.
The message "1:0 for a welcome," that we have sent out is being lived in football.
"That is of enormous significance," he said.
In both this year and next year the association together with the DFB team and the Federal government are making €300,000 available for the integration of refugees.
"The clubs have already already released the entire sum for 2015," reports Niersbach.
Reports: SAP chief executive loses an eye in accident
According to several reports, the chief executive of Europe's largest software group, Bill McDermott, lost his left eye through a fall at the beginning of July.
In an accident on the stairs in his brother's house in the USA after midnight, he fell on a water glass he was carrying in his left hand, reported the "Wirtschaftswoche" on Wednesday.
"He almost bled to death, he was unconscious, then he dragged himself out onto the road - so he told us last week," the "WiWo" quoted SAP co-founder Hasso Plattner.
McDermott will however be able to return to work.
"We are meeting up at the board meeting in Walldorf at the beginning of October," said Plattner.
The 54-year-old manager will be at the meeting and "fully fit for work".
McDermott announced in an interview with the "Süddeutschen Zeitung" (Thursday's edition) that he will come back to Germany in October and take over the lead at the software group again.
"I am definitely there for SAP, completely involved in my job."
"I have of course been in regular contact with the board and its chairman, Hasso Plattner, the whole time," McDermott told the "SZ".
McDermott normally commutes between Germany and the USA, but since the summer he has no longer been in the SAP German headquarters in Walldorf.
Ii is important to him to go public with such a personal story, the manager told the "SZ": "It could happen to anyone".
"The important thing is to get up again if you fall down."
McLaren reserve driver Magnussen out of action…
Magnussen twittered a photo of the damage and explained that he received the injury falling from a bike.
This means that his chances of being reserve driver to the two main drivers, Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button, for the night race in Singapore at the weekend are as slim as those for the Grand Prix in Japan a week later.
Football: BVB v Krasnodar without Reus: Weidenfeller in goal
All hopes have been crushed for Borussia Dortmund that Marco Reus might make a comeback in the first group match of the European league.
The international player will also be missing from the German Bundesliga leader's match in its dual with FK Krasnodar on Thursday (7 p.m. on Sky).
"Unfortunately he isn't in the running," said Thomas Tuchel on Wednesday.
The BVB coach is leaving it open as to whether Reus will be there on Sunday in the Bundesliga top match against Leverkusen: "We are expecting him to return to training on Friday".
In light of the heavy burden on his professionals, Tuchel does not want to change his first choice 11 just because of Reus's position.
So he has announced a change of goalkeeper.
Thus Roman Weidenfeller is taking the place of regular keeper Roman Bürki.
"He's training at absolute top level," praised the world champion's football coach.
Tuchel is leaving it open as to whether Weidenfelder will be used in all European league matches in the future.
It is highly likely that he will also play the second game.
Midfielder Julian Weigl considers team mate Reus's brisk statement that the final of the European league must be BVB's objective quite understandable: "Marco isn't so far off the mark with that".
"I think we've got a good chance of picking up the title."
Robot cars: Government wants Germany to take a leading role
The Federal Government wants Germany to be technological leaders in changes to cars.
On Wednesday the German cabinet resolved on a policy document introduced by the Minister of Transport Alexander Dobrindt (CSU) which provides, among other things, for investment in development of digital infrastructure.
Dobrindt spoke in Frankfurt on Wednesday, on the brink of the IAA motor show, about a "new era of mobility".
Automated and networked driving will increase traffic safety and ensure fewer traffic jams, said Dobrindt.
He wants to discuss the topic with his counterparts from the G7 countries, who are also meeting with representatives of industry at the IAA.
The Transport Ministry policy document stressed among other things the importance of the development of mobile broadband and a rapid switch to digital radio.
There is currently a test area on the A9 motorway to try out the new technology.
In order that "no extra liability risk will be imposed" on drivers, the government wants to "examine and, where necessary, adapt" legal parameters to the new developments.
Germany wants to agree on international provisions for the speed limit for driverless cars to be raised from 10 to 130 kilometers per hour.
The German government also wants to reach an agreement on changes to the Vienna Convention, which to date only provides for human beings as drivers.
With automatic driving the car increasingly takes control and the driver becomes more and more the passenger.
The technology is primarily based on sensors and cameras which capture the environment and process data in seconds.
According to a study submitted by the Ministry of the Environment, highly automated driving will be technically possible on motorways by 2020.
However driverless vehicles "are not anticipated until 2020" on public roads.
The authors of the study estimate the added value in the field of driver assistance systems and highly automated driving functions in Germany will be around €8.4 billion for 2025.
"Digital networking of cars can lead to greater safety and efficiency in road traffic," says SPD transport politician Sören Bartol.
However the issue of liability for accidents and the security of drivers' personal data must be conclusively clarified.
And Germans still view driverless cars sceptically – much more than the French or Americans.
A survey by the Forsa Institute commissioned by the testing organisation Dekra, presented to the IAA on Wednesday, concludes that only eight percent of Germans believe that autonomously driven vehicles will catch on in the coming 10 years, 32 percent estimate it will take 20 years and 31 percent do not believe it will happen at all.
In France 21 percent of those asked expect to see autonomously driven cars by 2025 and in the USA 33 percent.
Anyway drivers in Germany are not yet ready to rely on a completely self driven car.
According to a survey by the digital association Bitkom, only seven percent agree that control should be handed over to the car during the entire journey on all roads.
Nevertheless, 15 percent could imagine this happening on motorways in free-flowing traffic and 45 percent in traffic jams.
Approximately one in four would never give control to the car under any circumstances.
Boll not to play in team and doubles in European Championship
As things stand, the Dusseldorf player plans to play only in the singles in the competition, running from 25 September to 4 October.
The final decision will be made on 22 September.
"It is a major loss for our team."
"The lads heard about it this morning."
"But we are strong enough to pick up the title without Timo," said national coach Jörg Rosskopf during European Championship training in Dusseldorf.
At this time Boll was on a flight to a long arranged appointment with sponsors in China.
The 34-year-old German champion is expected back on Friday.
"Without Timo we have the disadvantage of no longer being the clear favourites," declared individual European champion Dimitrij Ovcharov.
But the Hamelin player, who is the top seed in Ekaterinburg, also remembers the European Championship in Schwechat in 2013.
"We didn't have Timo then either, and we still became European Champions."
"That is what we need to focus on," declared the world number five.
The English football national player Luke Shaw, of Manchester, United has sustained a severe injury to his right leg.
In the course of the tackle in the Champions League game with PSV Eindhoven, the defender was hit by Héctor Moreno and after a long bout of treatment was replaced.
Initial diagnosis indicates that the 20-year-old who used to play with Bastian Schweinsteiger has broken his tibia.
Gaultier feels too old to be an enfant terrible
It is a mixture of a huge fashion show and a waxworks chamber of horrors: designer Jean Paul Gaultier (63) presented an exhibition of his work in Munich on Wednesday.
The highlights: mannequins which look alarmingly human thanks to video projection.
They wear the French designer's spectacular creations, which among other things became the big star of the fashion scene with Madonna's stage outfits - and also put men in skirts.
"These days I can't say I'm the enfant terrible of haute couture any longer, because I have white hair."
“It used to be bleached, nowadays it's real,” says Gaultier.
For visitors to the exhibition, "From the Sidewalk to the Catwalk", which can be seen in the Kunsthalle at the Hypo Culture Foundation from 1 September, it is fortunate that the fashion designer has changed his initially reluctant attitude to a show about his own character.
Originally he was against it because, "For me an exhibition sounded a bit like death," he said.
When you die, you get put into a museum.
This remarkable collection has already been staged in Montreal, Canada, and in Paris.
It's about a lot more than beautiful clothes," says the director of the Kunsthalle, Roger Diederen.
It is about tolerance, acceptance and the vision of an open society.
The exhibits provide an insight into the hard to overlook work of the man who wrote the history of fashion without ever having finished his education.
The show is not constructed chronologically, but it is a brilliantly choreographed complete work of art which has involved a great deal of effort: for example a stylist has been engaged especially to look after the mannequins' hair.
According to curator Thierry-Maxime Loriot, the creators carted 14 tonnes of material to Munich.
Shortly before the start of Oktoberfest there was also a special treat in store: a Lederhosen outfit with a corset.
Heidi meets Madonna
He has always been interested in strong women ("Women are cleverer than men") and in people who are a little different, says Gaultier.
Even Gaultier's old teddy is on show in the exhibition.
He represents the designer's first, tentative steps at fashion.
As a child (he was not a good pupil and he was bad at football), he dressed his teddy in bras and dresses.
His parents did not allow him to play with dolls.
Later he taught himself fashion design.
He stole fashion magazines and scrutinised other designers' creations, Gaultier told us in Munich.
Of course, later I bought them.
He was not able to pay the models for his first fashion show.
They got nothing, but they were allowed to keep the clothes.
Decoration instead of curtains – Plauen lace as a fashion niche
There used to be long embroidery machines in and around Plauen making many metres
of embroidered fabrics and laces in vast quantities for customers who made, for example, table cloths and curtains.
This is no longer the case today, explains Andreas Reinhardt, managing director of Modespitze Plauen.
Instead, fashion is once more important.
In the early days of Plauen lace, fashion played a large role, then it was replaced by the home textile industry – and now it is being rediscovered as a niche.
Reinhardt gave a few examples: lace in decoration, for accessories such as bags and for traditional costumes.
Generally, so-called vintage fashion, based on style eras from the past, is producing an increasing potential for orders.
Anyone in the textile industry in Germany who cannot serve a niche is no longer in the market.
We are already getting half of all our contracts this way.
Modespitze Plauen, together with nine other businesses, is a member of the Plauener Spitze und Stickereien trade association.
Only they are allowed to bear the protected label.
Sales have fallen by around 80 percent over the last 15 years.
There are now hardly any private speciality shops or wholesalers.
Our products hardly reach the customers over these channels.
Nowadays mass produced goods are manufactured much more cheaply in the Asian region and sold almost exclusively through chains.
Furthermore exports to Russia and the USA are currently weakening slightly.
This is enough reason for new directions.
The trade association is also trying to score with environmental consciousness, as Cordelia Bauer of Stickperle in Falkenstein explains. "As of this year we have implemented a seal of quality which shows that our production is ecologically and socially compatible.
Reinhardt added, "This also applies to the materials we use".
Qualified designer Ute Schmidt teaches in the faculty for applied arts at the Schneeberg branch of the West Saxony University of Zwickau and specialises in embroidery and lace.
In order to face the competition from the Asian regions one has to find high-quality and innovative products.
That takes time and courage.
There is a field of tension between the designers' newest ideas and businesses, who must think primarily in commercial terms," says Schmidt.
This is why existing designs are often only slightly varied in order to keep core customers.
A few years ago textile designer Kati Reuter revitalised the historic snowball lace.
The machines embroider small beads in selected places.
Plauen master goldsmith Bianca Hallebach-Krauße was inspired by this. "In the past I had no use for traditional Plauen lace".
Now she uses the snowball lace for her jewellery.
Using an elaborate process she embosses the pattern in silver.
"Many people in the region identify themselves with Plauen lace – young and old," says Reuter.
She also delivers to the USA, Australia and Finland – primarily to customers whose forefathers lived in Plauen and the surrounding area and who want to have a memento.
So with my jewellery I see myself as a modern ambassador for Plauen lace.
Disney plans new "Mary Poppins" film
You shouldn't interfere with legends, but Disney is daring to make a new film of the classic "Mary Poppins" anyway.
But according to "Entertainment Weekly" it is not going to be a remake but a sort of sequel, set 20 years after the first film with the magical nanny.
It is about the nanny's experiences with the Banks family in the time of the Great Depression in England.
Who is going to take the role of Mary Poppins, played 50 years ago by Julie Andrews, is not yet certain.
But the director has been decided: Rob Marshall, whose most recent film was "Into the Woods".
Xi urges to open economy wider to world
The economy must open wider to the outside world to fuel growth, President Xi Jinping told a group tasked with steering reform on Tuesday.
"China should be committed to attracting foreign investment and expertise, and improve opening-up policies," he said, addressing the 16th Meeting of the Central Leading Group for Deepening Overall Reform.
Promoting opening up while pushing forward reforms will add new impetus and vitality, and provide new room for economic growth, Xi said.
The leading group adopted a series of guidelines including a negative list regulating market access, relaxation of border-control policies, encouraging state-owned enterprises (SOE) to absorb private capital and overhauling the resident registration system.
According to the statement, a negative list, identifying sectors and businesses that are off-limits for investment, will be drawn up.
The system will be gradually tested and improved through trial programs.
The move is significant as it will give the market a bigger role in allocating resources, ensuring a law-based business environment and making the market more open, the statement said.
The government will also loosen controls on the powers it delegates to companies, making sure that companies decide how to run their businesses.
The statement also said China will allow border areas to explore new models of cross-border economic cooperation and new mechanisms for promoting regional growth.
In a bid to open up state-controlled sectors, more areas will be open to private investment.
"The government will not change its policy toward foreign investment, and will protect the lawful interests of foreign-funded companies and provide better services for them," said the statement.
In addition, it will be made easier for foreigners to apply for permanent residence permits, or "green card," by optimizing requirements and streamlining the application process.
Guaranteeing lawyers' right to practice and nurturing professional judges and prosecutors were also discussed at a meeting.
The meeting was also attended by Premier Li Keqiang, and senior leaders Liu Yunshan and Zhang Gaoli, according to a statement released after the meeting.
EU wants to double the mercury limit in predatory fish
The EU commission wants to double the limits for mercury in large predatory fish and consumers therefore can expect a significantly higher dose of this neurotoxin.
The consumer organisation Foodwatch, to which an EU working paper on the subject was made available, is heavily critical of the plans. "Risks and side effects of inappropriate industry and environmental politics will be passed on with full force to pregnant women and small children," declared Matthias Wolfschmidt of Foodwatch.
According to Wolfschmidt, the limits for the neurotoxin for large fish at the end of the food chain such as for example shark or swordfish are going to be raised from 1 to 2 mg of mercury per kilogram of fish for "economic reasons".
Large predatory fish however are today so heavily contaminated with mercury that based on the still current limits some 50 percent of catches may not be sold.
Once the limit has been doubled, however, only 14.5 percent would be unsaleable.
In return for this relaxation the EU, according to Foodwatch, wants to tighten the limits for other fish from the current 0.5 mg to 0.1 mg of mercury per kilogram.
But Foodwatch describes this as a "trick", because smaller prey fish, such as for example carp, generally have so little contamination that these planned maximum levels are already complied with today.
The reduction for small fish therefore is "a perfidious diversionary tactic which helps only the economy," declares Wolfschmidt.
Mercury is for human beings a highly toxic heavy metal which accumulates largely in the food chain, above all in predatory fish.
For this reason the German government has issued a warning that "even low levels, particularly in unborn children, can lead to damage to the nervous system".
The German Environment Minister, however, declared on his home page with regard to the current maximum levels that a "health risk to the general population" is not anticipated.
Mercury is released into the environment primarily through the burning of coal.
German coal plants, according to written information from the German Ministry of the Environment to Green Bundestag member Annalena Baerbock, discharge more than six tonnes of mercury per year, two thirds of the total amount emitted in Germany.
The concentration of mercury in fish, for example in the Elbe, Rhine and Danube, is "extensively exceeded on a long-term basis," the "Spiegel" newspaper quoted from the paper in March.
In the past year, Europe-wide alerts on mercury in fish rated among the most frequently reported health risks in the EU warning system RASFF.
Foodwatch is calling for consumers to protest against the EU plans under: www.quecksilber-aktion.foodwatch.de
28-Year-Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
A 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
But the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, "Things were finally going well for him."
The body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
The San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
The victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that Frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
A spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
"We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed," the spokesperson said.
Our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, "Things were finally going well for him."
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
He was a kind spirit with a big heart.
His way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner," Louis Galicia said.
He never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
He was the brother that went with the flow.
"With everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day," he said.
Anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'm always pigeonholed
Jennifer Aniston need not always be perfect or successful.
That is what the Hollywood star has made abundantly clear in an interview.
"I'm always pigeonholed, or labelled by someone who has little, if anything, to do with me and reality."
"Personally, I have no desire to be perfect and successful all the time."
"To be honest, I don't really give a damn about things like that."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh that she has been dubbed "Miss Perfect" in the current issue of "Cosmopolitan".
The actress prefers to spend her time at home in front of the television with her hair in a relaxed bun, eating Mexican food, the magazine reports.
The question of whether she wants children makes her livid: "We women do not need to be married or have children to feel fulfilled," the Hollywood star says.
In her new film, "Mother's Day - love isn't child's play", Aniston stars as a single mother with two sons.
The film is released in Germany on 25 August.
Golfer Langer is awarded the Sport Pyramid
His experience on horseback is negligible.
At the end of a golfing tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer and a colleague went for a ride along the beach for a bit of fun.
It was a first for the 58-year-old.
CHIO: "Golden Sport Pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
After a few minutes, the horse decided it wanted to go home, and raced back to its feeding trough at full tilt.
After a kilometre at this speed I was scared.
"It wasn't a good experience," said Langer.
And with that, his riding career came to an end again.
On Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - with 101 tournament wins under his belt - was once again near horses.
He and his family toured the ALRV grounds, but he did not jump onto a horse for a photo.
It was Langer's first time in Aachen, and at CHIO.
He had been thoroughly convinced.
The German Sport Aid foundation awarded the man from Anhausen with the Golden Sport Pyramid at a small gala event.
The friendly sportsman is not lacking for awards.
The Federal Cross of Merit, the Silver Laurel Leaf, Champions Tour Player of the Year...
Even the British Queen has bestowed an honour upon him.
Langer is the 18th person to be awarded the Sport Pyramid.
On Saturday, he met the first person to receive it, Hans Günter Winkler, in Aachen.
"This award means a lot to me," said Langer, "because it's not just given for sporting success, but also for social commitment."
Langer has been encouraging up-and-coming talent for years.
And in this vein, he passed the prize money of 25,000 euros on straight away.
The two-time US master's champion was inaugurated into the "Hall of Fame for German Sport" on Saturday, along with 15 other outstanding sportspeople.
Those given the award include track athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, gymnast Eberhard Gienger, fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Putsch and Arnd Schmitt, rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, bob-sleigh rider Meinhard Nehmer, judo player Frank Wieneke, show-jumper Alwin Schockemöhle, and, posthumously, handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
Many of these sport legends came to Aachen on Saturday.
After the official part, the illustrious gathering wandered to the show-jumping stadium, where the Lavazza Prize was underway.
Bernhard Langer kept his distance from the large animals.
Comparing Clinton's and Trump's economic policies: It's all about the money
Both Clinton and Trump want to invest in infrastructure and prevent the TTP trade agreement.
But the two candidates for the US presidency disagree on taxes and energy policies, as well as on one fundamental issue.
There is a fundamental philosophical reason for the differences between Donald Trump's and Hillary Clinton's economic policies.
This is the role of the state.
If in doubt, Trump wants the state's role to be minor, and warns of how the state can damage the economy with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to lead the economy to its death and regulate it to its death, he says.
He would do things totally differently, Trump says.
He would repeal regulations, and lead a wide-reaching tax reform with low rates for private individuals and companies.
Conversely, Clinton says that the state has particular tasks to fulfil, giving disadvantaged people opportunities - and it needs money to do so.
This would increase taxes for the rich, she says.
Interestingly, they have similar views on infrastructure.
There has to be investment in infrastructure, Trump and Clinton say almost verbatim.
The Democratic candidate has even announced the largest investment in jobs since the Second World War.
State programs investing in infrastructure are classic Democrat policies, and are rejected by the tea party wing of the Republican party, which is critical of the state.
Consequently, Trump could lead to discussions within the party.
There are clearer differences to be seen in terms of energy and climate policies.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power stations and bring coal production in the USA back up.
Drilling for oil should be permitted in protected areas, and he wants to withdraw from the Paris Climate Change Treaty.
On the other hand, Clinton wants to use her investment program to extend renewable energies, saying: "One country will become the superpower of renewable energies, and create millions of jobs."
"It will either be China, Germany or America - and I want it to be us."
But it's not just infrastructure that sees the two candidates taking a rather similar stance - they agree in terms of international trade agreements as well.
Neither want to sign TTP, the trans-Pacific trade agreement.
At the same time, neither want to cut the USA off from international trade - they just want to protect American jobs better.
They should then also be better paid, Clinton demands.
The current minimum wage of 7.25 US dollars is a pittance, she says.
She wants to raise it to 15 dollars an hour.
It is not quite clear what Trump wants to do on this score: Once he said that the minimum wage had to be raised, then he said it should stay the same.
But the big discussion of the months to come will likely revolve around both parties' tax policies.
Trump is on one side, wanting to relieve the burden on the economy and citizens to boost growth.
His critics state that this will just increase the budgetary deficit.
Clinton is on the opposite side: as a minimum, she wants the rich to pay more taxes, and her critics say that more taxes are not the solution either.
Seeking refuge: "Every refugee woman has dealt with sexual violence"
For women fleeing a country on their own, sexual violence is almost part of daily life.
When they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
One house offers refuge.
Four women are sitting in a large kitchen.
Every one of them has a baby with them, the oldest of which is one year old.
One woman holds her little son in her arms.
He looks around the room inquisitively, his eyes wide.
His mother stares at the tabletop.
Until she realises she's being watched.
She smiles briefly and kisses the child.
The scene looks normal.
Until you start talking to Katrin Bahr.
She is the field manager for Condrobs, a provider of social assistance within Bavaria. One of the issues she deals with is refugee women.
The four women in the kitchen are refugees.
They live in the north of Munich, in one of the few decentralised accommodation centres in Bavaria for refugee women and their children who have made the journey alone.
Condrobs opened the centre in January, in collaboration with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Help organisation.
It recently had its official opening.
60 people live there - around 40 women and 20 children.
There are no men - not even male visitors.
The exception is a bodyguard on the door.
"I'm not exaggerating when I say that every woman who arrives here has dealt with sexual violence on her way to find refuge," said Bahr.
"Men flee because of war, because they are politically persecuted, because they are threatened with torture or death, or because their families pin their hopes on them and send them to Europe," she explains.
When women flee, other reasons are in the foreground: "Many women sneak away secretly, because they see no other way out".
In their home countries, they experienced sexual violence, forced marriage, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
That propels them forward.
And it continues even while they're on the run.
"It is not a rare occurrence that traffickers request a sexual act in exchange for a bottle of water, for example," says Bahr.
And the woman are alone, unprotected by their families.
If you think that this stops as soon as they arrive in Germany, you'd be wrong, says Bahr.
Even in Germany, lone women are often seen as inferior in refugee accommodation, and, in the worst cases, they are abused.
As a result, around 90 percent of the women living in accommodation in the north of Munich are traumatised, she estimates.
"Some of the children were certainly not conceived with the woman's consent".
Many women are so used to it that they do not say anything, she says.
"Or they can't bring themselves to talk about what they experienced because they are too ashamed".
Because they often don't know how to get help, there needs to be more accommodation just for them, says Bahr.
In Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for providing accommodation for refugees.
When asked if they knew of projects like the one in Munich operating within the areas they covered, some answered with "no".
In Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia regions, for example, there is no similar accommodation offered by the government.
Even in Swabia, women who come as lone refugees are not given separate accommodation, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press spokesperson for the region.
In Upper Bavaria, Lower Franconia and Middle Franconia, floors, or individual houses, are set aside in some shared accommodation for lone women and their children.
The exception is Lower Bavaria: there, there are two central accommodation centres exclusively for women.
Even the European Parliament's Committee on "Women's Rights and Gender Equality" stresses that women must be provided with accommodation separate from that of the men.
In a study published on behalf of the Committee, it was stated that "it is very important that men and women are given separate accommodation."
"If there is a lack of private space, or if men and women are provided with accommodation together, this can result in (perpetual) violence against women".
Washing facilities, above all, should be separate, and easily accessible for women, according to the study.
The extent to which women need this protection can be seen in the sheer number of people interested in the house in Munich.
"Since word has got around that we exist, we have developed a long waiting list," says Bahr.
It would be easy to open a second house.
Junior doctors strike: Calls for fresh industrial action
Representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
The Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
The JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
Junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
It was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the ballot.
In a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently silent" on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
She said: "In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns."
In response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
The dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
The BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
He had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
Following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
Russia and Turkey: An 'alliance of misfits'?
It was a gesture that ended a crisis.
The leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
But, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
There was the handshake, yes.
But Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his "dear friend" Mr Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
He also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
The next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
To me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
But a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
In fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
The offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
Rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
For months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
All of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
Most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
He's denied that emphatically.
But in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
After all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
For Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
First and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
Repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
There is also an economic motive.
Russian sanctions have hit hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
The number has slumped by almost 90%.
As for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
They're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
And even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
"Tourists that way, tomatoes back here," as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
But the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
Add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin - who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
The Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
Mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
So the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of misfits": two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
Still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
The key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
It could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
There is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
But after months of open hostility - and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
The brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
It has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
During that time, brand strategists have used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
It was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
But now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
In England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
The Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
There are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
He told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands."
As the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
Each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
"The time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath (we've been asking) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers?" said the chief executive.
It would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
But with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
We can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at Newmarket on Predilection
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins
Jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
He brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track - on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
The 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
He follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
Three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said: "It's special."
I'm very emotional because my family are here as well
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
It's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's a mundane Friday night with 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and very humble.
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in Predilection after victory
Two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing - champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
He is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
He is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6,000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey!
Seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
He's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
From flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
It has been a rollercoaster ride.
Stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996 'Magnificent Seven' at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
Three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
And he may not be done for some time - Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
The 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
A statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had "decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but gave no reason.
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
Born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
Later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says (in Russian).
On being appointed, he told Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
Do the smiles convince?
This is a move that has mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
As chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
In a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
But despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced - especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
So is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle?
No-one knows yet.
But the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy - has been met with great scepticism.
In remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said "it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even - you could say - troublesome post, for four years.
Well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
He served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
He is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
In the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
When Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
It was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
But that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
Criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson sacked after hitting producer
Gibson was involved in a physical altercation on the set of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, issued an apology on Thursday before his termination was announced.
There were creative differences on the set and a disagreement.
I regret that it occurred," he said in a statement.
Details on how Gibson's character will be written out of the show, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to come at a later date, according to the ABC Studios and CBS Television Studios statement.
The 54-year-old, who previously starred on the sitcom Dharma & Greg, had been on the show since its first season in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have put my heart and soul into it for the last twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I had hoped to see it through to the end, but that won't be possible now.
I would just like to say thank you to the writers, producers, actors, our amazing crew, and, most importantly, the best fans that a show could ever hope to have.
The show is slated to return for its twelfth season on 28 September.
Mystery as fish land in Banff garden
A Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
Engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
It is the first of four closures between the "deck fans," which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
The bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
It has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
The £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
Economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
He said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing.
We're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
Despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
Overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said: "The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
On this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
After installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or landward - side.
This was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
This was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
Massive because the viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3%.
Delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way.
Happily, it all went very well.
Moelfre Bay rescue: Three men are 'lucky to be alive'
Three men are "lucky to be alive" after they were thrown from their fishing boat off Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station raised the alarm at 13:20 BST on Friday after a crew saw the incident unfold in Moelfre Bay.
The three men struggled to swim to safety while their boat continued under its own power.
"We saw their boat circling close to them and imagined the worst," said Moelfre lifeboat helm Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we had launched, the strong winds had blown it clear of them," he added.
Two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, aged 60, was found exhausted and clinging to a buoy without a lifejacket.
They were all taken on board the inshore lifeboat and brought back to the lifeboat station
Mr Jones said: "The three men thrown in the water are lucky to be alive and completely uninjured.
The boat's engine had an emergency kill cord but it had somehow come detached from the person driving the boat when it capsized.
Someone was watching over these guys today.
Seriously injured - man stabs his ex-girlfriend
A man has attacked his ex-girlfriend with a knife in Hamburg's Harburg district, and seriously injured her.
As the police reported yesterday, the 50-year-old had got the key to the apartment so he could collect his personal belongings.
Instead, the drunk attacker sliced up his ex-girlfriend's clothes.
When she came home, he stabbed her twice.
The 44-year-old suffered injuries to her hand and body.
The police managed to arrest the perpetrator.
While the 50-year-old man was destroying his ex-girlfriend's clothing, he called his mother.
She then called his sister.
The 45-year-old and her partner wanted to calm down her brother.
However, she couldn't get him to leave the apartment.
Consequently, she set off from home with her partner.
They met the man's ex-partner in the street.
As the two women entered the apartment, the 50-year-old pushed his sister to one side, and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
Who is going to build Braunschweig's low-cost housing?
The SPD and the Greens think that investors should step up to the plate much more in the future.
How to react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose almost 1300 low-cost homes over the next few years?
At the next council meeting, the SPD is going to put forward an "action plan for homes".
But it won't be smooth sailing.
Firstly, there is the question of who is actually going to build the low-cost homes?
So far, no settlement has been reached on this point.
SPD group chairman, Christoph Bratmann, says: "We agree with the Greens: if you want to build on municipal land, you will have to designate 20 percent of all homes as social housing in the future."
The low-cost homes could also be older homes that are renovated.
However, the main issue for the council, according to Bratmann: "How do we handle investors who want to build on private ground?"
We want investors building on those spaces to keep at least 10 percent, but if possible, 20 percent, of homes as social housing."
A new municipal programme to promote the construction of homes, which will cost millions, and which still needs to be financed, will trigger concerns.
The problem, according to Bratmann: "At the moment, there is no agreement between groups."
The CDU wants to put as few rules on investors as possible.
The Left wants more stringent requirements to be imposed on investors.
Despite that, according to Bratman, the situation in terms of the housing market is also hotting up.
If the action plan is implemented, the building authorities will be faced with additional tasks.
More staff will be needed.
It is not clear if we will get the specialist staff.
But the program is not quite complete: because the approximately 1260 new homes are to be built anyway.
But how do you balance out the loss of an additional 1300 low-cost homes (approximately), the grants for which will run out over the next few years?
This will come to 500 homes even by 2020.
To prevent this, according to Nicole Palm, spokeswoman for planning policy, bonds that are about to mature should be purchased by the municipality.
In addition, thought must be given to putting homes back into a price maintenance scenario.
This is possible in the west of the city.
The problem could be solved in one fell swoop.
This is because deadlines expire at the end of the year in the west of the city.
Around 1800 homes could then be moved into the managed price scheme for affordable housing.
The only problem is that their owners, housing companies, are against it.
This would dramatically increase the amount of affordable housing in the west of the city, taking a step back from the target of "blending".
No longer are socially disadvantaged people to be concentrated in a small number of districts.
The Greens think there's still room for manoeuvre in the discussions.
Group chairman Holger Herlitschke thinks that "the CDU will have to get into bed with us to reach a decent majority."
However, they have focused on providing more building sites for detached homes.
But that does not mean that it will be impossible to reach a compromise.
Pokémon Go a worthy hunt for health and happiness
It is fascinating to see how the world turns.
That teenagers and children do not get outside to play any more, preferring to spend their free time looking at screens, has been the lament of many for the the past decade.
Pokemon Go is getting people off the couch and into some activity.
Screen time was initially limited to the television then video games and more recently smartphones.
So it is great to see that technology and being active outdoors are not mutually exclusive.
I am of course referring to the craze that is Pokémon Go, an app based on the characters first created for video games in the 1990s (it later spawned a cartoon series, playing cards and other spin offs).
Like many pop cultural phenomena it had gone off the boil somewhat before this new game was made available in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
The launch in other countries was then delayed by the massive response, which overloaded servers.
Within days, Pokémon Go had more users than Tinder and nearly as many as Twitter.
So how does it work?
In a nutshell, players on smartphones go out looking for Pokémons, which are tracked with a GPS and, once found, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'captured'.
A generation who played the game when younger have joined the craze, jumping off the couch for the search.
In the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by the "average" person each day.
Cardiogram, an app for the Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game launching, the number of people it tracked who did 30 minutes of exercise each day jumped from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
The company does not know who is playing Pokémon Go - it just sees raw data on exercise levels.
Many public health campaigns to get people to "find 30," "get off the couch" and "be active everyday" have fallen on deaf ears because most public health messages are boring and delivered by people who look miserable.
Yet the importance of exercise cannot be understated.
Those who exercise regularly reduce their chances of getting cancer or depression.
Activity helps with weight management, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits too long to list here.
But the beauty of Pokémon Go is it gets people outside doing something they enjoy.
Thus you are covering three pillars of health - movement, fresh air and sunshine, and fun.
Some people are even making new friends on the hunt.
As usual there are po-faced killjoys looking for something to complain about.
And yes somebody might walk into a door.
So what?
A breakthrough has occurred.
For while smartphone apps like Fitbit could previously track our activity, they didn't give us a reason to exercise like this game does.
The novelty will wear off and use will subside in due course.
However because of Pokmeon's success there will be more games that combine apps and virtual reality with being active in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
Read Dr Joe's blogs at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
Forget the pressure.
Forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all of it.
Dynamic on vault.
Effortless on beam.
Jaw-dropping on floor.
Brilliant all over.
And now, finally, an Olympic champion.
The 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
Her total of 62.198 was well clear of silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
United States' Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
She burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
The achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights:
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold - with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
One last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
Anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
United States' Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
While Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
A portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
It's not a coincidence.
The girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
She hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
Though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
Balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait.
She went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor.
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score - a mere formality - and tears appeared around Biles' glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
This time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call "grandma" was well ahead.
She blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
As for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning:
Police: 3 victims in serial killer case shot while listening to music in car
Two women and a 12-year-old girl who died in the deadliest attack in Phoenix's first serial killer case in a decade were sitting in a car talking and listening to music when they were shot, according to police reports released Thursday.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis' daughter Maleah were shot on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
The gunman fired as many as eight shots from a handgun while standing on the passenger side of the car then fled in another vehicle, the report states.
Police say the triple killing doesn't appear to have been the result of a robbery because the attacker didn't take purses or $2,900 in the possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Jonathan Howard said the shooting prompted investigators to look at whether it was tied to four earlier attacks.
In all, seven people have been killed and two others wounded in nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic neighborhoods over a four-month period.
"It's occurring within a residential area in front of a home," Howard said to CBS affiliate KPHO earlier this month.
The suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including as a late-1990s brown Nissan, a late-1990s black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
Investigators have declined to reveal the evidence that led them to conclude the attacks are related and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized for her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis' daughter Maleah died at the scene.
A witness told police that it wasn't unusual for them to sit in a parked car listening to music.
Authorities also released a police report on a shooting that targeted an unoccupied pickup truck just a half-hour before the triple killing and is believed to have been the work of the serial killer.
Investigators found bullet casings and recovered a bullet from a seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
Mother of 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It gets better"
Like most six-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
But unlike most of his peers, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder his mom Elizabeth Picciuto didn't know about while pregnant.
When he first came home my initial thought was, I can't do this.
I can't do this.
I didn't sign up for this.
Which is not true at all -- of course you sign up for it," she said.
She and her husband, Vincent, were told Edmund might never recognize them, and that he might not even survive.
Some doctors went as far as suggesting he be institutionalized.
"My first response was 'I didn't think people did that anymore,'" Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks with the help of a walker.
Edmund didn't sit up or crawl until he was three, and he still doesn't talk.
But he's slowly meeting some milestones.
He's walking with help, and riding a bike.
He also loves playing with his two brothers, and singing.
Elizabeth demonstrates the sign language Edmund made up for "please sing to me."
"We're teaching him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
But it's not just typical sign language -- she says Edmund has invented some of his own signs.
Microcephaly can arise from a number of different conditions: genetic ones like Edmund's, and infections during pregnancy from viruses like measles and Zika.
Symptoms and prognosis can vary widely.
It's too early to tell how it will affect the lives of those infected with Zika.
Picciuto remembers the emotional toll of an uncertain future.
I kept saying, what's going to happen?
What's going to happen?
And she still doesn't really know.
I actually haven't asked for a prognosis in forever, because I don't expect anyone to really be able to tell me.
But Picciuto has hopeful advice for the mothers of babies with birth defects from Zika.
It gets better.
You know it will get better for you.
You will love your child, and your child will love you.
Heavy rain, flooding prompts rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi
Heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana lead the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected over the state through Saturday.
Numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi were overflowing their banks and threatening widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards said state officials are in constant contact with local officials, and assistance is already on the move to affected parishes.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness, said requests were coming in for high-water vehicles, boats and sandbags.
Steele said Tangipahoa Parish alone requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
A flood watch remains in effect until Saturday across most of south Louisiana.
The weather service said in a statement that an additional 3 to 5 inches could fall over the area.
In south Alabama, a flood watch was in effect Friday as rain continued in the Mobile area.
The Comite River near Baton Rouge and Amite River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana, were predicted to set record crests over the weekend.
Forecaster Alek Krautmann said both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
He also said that flooding downstream in Ascension Parish is a threat, as those swollen rivers will be slow to drain into Lake Maurepas.
The Tickfaw River, just south of the Mississippi state line in Liverpool, Louisiana, was already at the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. Friday.
Rescuers were still plucking people from floodwaters in Amite and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued earlier Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says waters from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet away from his house, rose quickly overnight.
He said another stepson who lives nearby alerted him.
"We woke up and the water kept on coming," Hansford said.
It came up to my waist.
His wife told Hansford that it's the highest she's seen the creek in the 48 years she's lived there.
Hansford said he and his family members all have disabilities, and he's the only one who can swim.
Hansford said emergency workers rescued all three in a large military-style truck and took them to the fire station in Gloster, where they were sheltering Friday.
Krautmann says flooding is "quickly becoming widespread" as heavy rains continue, saying officials are considering evacuation orders.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said the ground was heavily saturated by rainfall since Wednesday.
Heavy rain and street flooding prompted the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and the cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities said.
CBS affiliate WWL reports that an alderwoman in Tangipahoa said 200 homes flooded.
Residents had been evacuated to two churches but both are now flooding.
Parish President Robby Miller said authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets stranded by high water.
Shelters have been opened in the town of Amite and the city of Hammond to house those who were evacuated.
"They will be allowed to return home once the water starts to recede," he said.
In the Tangipahoa Parish city of Hammond, close to two dozen streets were closed because of high water, and sandbags were made available for pickup by residents hoping to keep water out of homes and businesses.
"The last major flood we had was in March," said city administrator Lacy Landrum.
This one is on track to be a similar event.
In Mississippi, Harrison County Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said steady rain continued on the Gulf Coast.
He said a handful of houses were reported as flooded Thursday, but none have been reported so far Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of Shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in some places I have never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still coming down."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets," survives Philadelphia shooting
Police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
The child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
The grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
"He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother Delores Melendez tells the station.
I just can't believe it.
The boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
Family tells the station he is expected to recover.
He was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
Also shot were three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
One of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
The child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
The other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
Investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
Assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
It appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
There were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
So it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged," Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
Multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
No arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
Another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
She is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
Why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
That's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
First, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
And second: This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
The make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
This team looks, finally, like America.
It also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
For the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
Last year, Simone and Gabby were #1 and #2.
This is powerful.
Last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
Now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
On Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
And teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
We are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
They are the "Final Five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
But the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (for the coaches and their gymnasts and families) and the list goes on.
Most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
These clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts' families.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
We must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
At my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15,000 urban youth (primarily black and Hispanic) and have trained national and international champions.
In September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
Gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
This combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
It is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
To participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.
This is such an exciting time.
Thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of "Girl Power" in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
Junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
In July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in "no man's land" and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
The first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors" committee chair, said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly."
With just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
Efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
This is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors" concerns.
If he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
The last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
Ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
The BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "Industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families."
Over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
Employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
The £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
Thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
The drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
But now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
Some 140,000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
Heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
If the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
And if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
People who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
Ticagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
The draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
Professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
Fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
The evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
In provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
Because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - particularly the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
A culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
Ex-Cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of "over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
The former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
He recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
Currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.
The report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
Greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
He calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
The report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
Last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
The court found Rahman "cynically perverted" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, it was said, "ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."
Up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
He voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud - in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
His report says: "Evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
"There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of "politically correct" over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop "vote harvesting."
The report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
Consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
Use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
Carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
Put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
Ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
Give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
Change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
Make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
Make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations (except in Wales).
Strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
"The election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
He was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds.
He also criticises the ineffectual "tick-box inspections" of town hall electoral registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
Our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
Crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
Fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
But the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger - at least not according to social media.
So, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
The hunter and the wolf: U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
Aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
U.S. Men's Archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
And in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
'I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair,' Brady told Huffington Post.
'He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment.'
One of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year: the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
And over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to Glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
Changing it up: This user reckons that Nathan is an 'athletic version' of the Inception actor
Another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
Silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.'
Tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer Carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
Not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
Floating a theory: According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
One Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that 'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope Solo and Jennifer Carpenter are actually identical.'
Indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
Other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer 'died like a pig'
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'went out like stink' and 'died like a pig' during a race.
Commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide 'color' could be heard saying: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
Too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
Thanks for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
Viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "Did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'"????
The idiot didn't realize they were still on the air.'
Ai Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle Relay Final was described as: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby.'
Criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
Another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
You represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.
Soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying: 'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air.'
It was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened.'
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
Fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
The network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
We sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
We moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
To be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
That said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
On Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
'I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay,' he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast.'
'I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person.'
'Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry.'
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
Shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
To make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
She carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
The Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
A mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman 'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything.'
She said: 'People couldn't believe what they were seeing.'
Standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
'She didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it - she just stood there, bold as brass.'
'Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf.'
She did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
'She didn't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on.'
Ms Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said: 'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned.'
The incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
Ms Davidson added: 'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left - which is just as well.'
'I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed.'
A Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9.'
All the product in question has been removed from sale.
How to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
It's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail.com might help make it a little safer for you.
We spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
Whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
If approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire'.
You then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
A knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
For gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
At the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
Sounds tricky?
Check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
But remember that the safest way out of any mugging - if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster - is to hand over your cash.
Traveller Ian Wright scrapes his tongue along Europe's dirtiest places for travel guide
A British traveller has put his immune system and gag reflex to a serious test - by licking some of the dirtiest and disgusting places in Europe.
Presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, scraped his tongue along a Euro note, a Piccadilly Circus hand rail, a train toilet's flush button and a Russian public telephone to prove the strength of his immune system.
Before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself, and us, just what he was getting in to.
But the experiment, which has be made into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, threw up some surprising results.
The thought of licking a train's flush button used by thousands of other may be utterly repellent, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
All the way along his trip through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about boosting gut bacteria and about his own health.
Fortunately, nothing he licked left him with anything more than a bad taste in his mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the durability of his gut by travelling around the world and eating weird and wonderful things.
From public handrails in train stations to a toilet flush button the task definitely tested his immune system
In the movie made about it he said: 'Ever since I was a kid I have been fairly carefree with my health and I've put all sorts of things in my mouth from soil, eating worms and muddy water.'
He certainly proved his reputation during the film.
The only thing he turned down was a filthy Russian public toilet.
His sample swab showed a luminometer count of over 4000 units.
By comparison, freshly washed hands should come in under 60.
But there was one Russian public toilet he refused to lick after his luminometer count was over 4000 units, when freshly washed hands are less than 60
Mr Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio have produced the traveller's film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength which shows the bacteria count in different place like in the bathroom
He said in the film: 'That is close to one of the worst things I have smelled in a toilet.'
There's nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything because it's disgusting in there.
The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was produced in conjunction with Finnish dairy producer Valio.
The company provided Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contain lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamins C and D to help boost people's gut bacteria and immune systems.
Valio's Senior Vice President of Snacks, Juice and New Categories Niko Vuorenmaa said: 'We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
Something that would be fascinating to watch and at the same time explain the benefits of probiotics.
We did a lot of crazy brainstorming that ended in the idea "let's call Ian."
They claim the interest in gut health is becoming a global phenomenon
Instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them into a bigger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of gut health and how it's linked to the immune system.
Growing interest in gut health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we could provide consumers with more information about it in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: 'Let's put it this way - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I asked him to, like the disgusting Russian toilet that's shown in the film.'
Naturally some things were easier to get Ian to lick, some were pretty tough.
I'm glad we got some of those dirty licks caught on tape.'
In a survey conducted in 2015 by Valio, 84 per cent of the respondents associated lactic acid bacteria specifically with the well-being of the stomach and gut and 58 per cent said they use at least occasionally products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
Family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
A family of yobs left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
After they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
The walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
The family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall Housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
She said: 'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
There are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
This family are notorious and their name is notorious.
The couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
Old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
Floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
Neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
The eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
One said: 'They didn't care about anybody.'
We lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
The amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
'This morning, we couldn't sleep.'
We got up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to that!
It's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
The family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
Rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
He added: 'It is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
This was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
A dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
Housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
In 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
She claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
After being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
The walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
Police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
'This sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour,' she said.
Criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
Tourists in Portugal are left terrified as a low-flying military jet flies skims beach
Tourists sun worshipping in Aveiro, Portugal, had the shock of their lives
A Portuguese air force P-3C Orion plane swooped in incredibly low
The air force said it was on a training flight but insisted no risk to safety
This is the moment terrified tourists start to panic as a low-flying jet swooped down over a packed beach.
Dramatic footage showed the military plane almost coming within touching distance of sunseekers on the stretch of sand in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
Holidaymakers rose to their feet as they became understandably concerned about the noise from the jet engines without being able to see at first what was coming their way through the clouds.
The incident happened in Costa Nova near Aveiro yesterday afternoon.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers who posted videos of the dramatic fly-by onto social media, said: 'It passed really low twice and there was a point when it looked like it was going to crash.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was surfing and swear it felt like the plane was going to fall on top of me.'
Tourists on the beach at Aveiro were terrified when the plane appeared out of the murk and flew at an incredibly low altitude
The Portuguese Air Force said today the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to drop so low because it was the only way of checking them.
He said the jet had flown slightly lower than normal because of poor visibility caused by the smoke from nearby wildfires, but the air force insisted no-one's safety had been compromised.
Wildfires have devastated parts of mainland Portugal this summer as well as killing four people on the island of Madeira.
The Portuguese air force said today the pilot had to fly low because of the conditions - thick fog and smoke from wildfires - which obscured his visibility
The plane was on a training flight and the pilot was being asked to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca is worried about facing Sevilla
Seville - On Sunday, FC Barcelona will fight to take their first step towards their first title of the new football season.
The Catalan team will face off against FC Sevilla in an away game in Spain's Supercup; the second leg will take place three days later in Camp Nou.
The two-time champions will have to face up to the defeated Cup finalists and reigning Europa League champions without Neymar, who is playing in the Olympic football tournament for Brazil.
In addition, goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is also missing.
During training the German pulled a ligament in his knee. At least it's clear who'll be wearing the number one jersey for Barca: Claudio Bravo.
The Chilean international and Ter Steigen have been competing for number one status for two years now.
Coach Luis Enrique has so far refused to make a clear decision either way, allowing Bravo to wear the jersey in league games, but giving it to Ter Stegen in most of their other matches.
Ahead of the first compulsory game of the new season there were doubts as to the Spanish champions' fitness: they lost 0-4 to Liverpool in a friendly game on Saturday.
Even with 3-2 in a friendly against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and co. were not really all that convincing.
On the other hand, Sevilla have to swallow their 2-3 extra-time defeat against Real Madrid in the Supercup, and are aiming for a second victory in the "Supercopa de Espana".
With eleven victories, Barcelona are the current record-holders for this competition.
Ma Long is in a league of his own, taking Gold in the table tennis
Rio de Janeiro - Ma Long, from China, is the new table tennis Olympic champion.
On Thursday, the 27-year-old beat his fellow countryman and "defending champion" Zhang Jike in Rio de Janeiro 4-0 in a one-sided final (12,5,4,4).
This gave the world number one the "golden grand slam", winning the World Championship, the World Cup, the final tournament of the World Tour, and the Olympics.
The bronze medal went to Jun Mizutani from Japan.
The two Chinese men made it to the final, as expected, and fought each other for the title.
It was clear that, for the third time in a row, a Chinese athlete would take the singles title at the Olympics.
The last non-Chinese athlete on the top step of the Olympic podium was former SVS Lower Austria legionary Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were alone at the table: they had no coaches with them between sets and during time-outs.
They had returned to the stands, leaving their charges alone to fight a fair battle against each other.
"Up until now, I have played for my country."
"In the final, I'm playing for myself," Zhang summarised.
After the game, the gold and silver medallists posed with the Chinese flag.
The match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma only had to fight off his 28-year-old opponent in the first set.
Afterwards, he set the pace on the table, and only let Zhang score a total of 13 points.
Ma's dominance meant that the match was not as exciting as expected.
But nevertheless, there were some breathtaking volleys to be seen.
Mizutani won the bronze medal match against 40-year-old Wladimir Samsonow 4-1.
The Belarussian had injured his rib in his quarter-final against German European Champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, and was given medical treatment, and ultimately had to content himself with fourth place.
Jan-Ove Waldner from Sweden (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) also reached fourth place at the Olympics at a similarly old age for table tennis.
Donald Trump admits there are "huge problems" with his election campaign
The US Republicans' lead is plagued by significant fears that they might lose their majority, even in states that are traditionally conservative.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted to the weaknesses of his election campaign in Utah, formerly a Republican stronghold.
It was a strange moment - the multi-millionaire normally puts on a pompous, self-assured performance, but this time he expressed something analogous to doubt, as correspondents report.
After he had beaten 16 rivals from within the Republican camp, doubt is now growing as to whether he will be successful in the race for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump said to an audience of evangelical Christians whom he asked for assistance in key states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
He blamed false reports on his candidacy, once again giving the media a dressing-down, as he is known to do.
Republican strongholds are wavering
Utah is normally a safe seat for the Republicans.
A poll carried out by SurveyUSA in June puts Trump and his competitor on an equal footing with Democrat Hillary Clinton.
Other bodies do put Trump ahead, but not by the margin usual for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
In an interview with broadcaster CNBC, Trump was asked how he would stop Clinton's rise, replying: "In the same way I have done before".
And he added: "Either it'll work out, or I'll go on a long, long holiday".
He said he was just "telling the truth".
If he doesn't make it because of political correctness, that's ok, Trump added.
Then, he said, I'd return to a very nice way of life.
According to press reports, the party have threatened Trump with removing financial support for his election campaign if he is unable to do any better in the polls.
Instead, the Republican congressional candidates would be offered more support.
Olympics: Brazen cheating in doping tests
The IOC intends to set up a disciplinary committee to handle the case.
Following the second doping scandal at the Rio Olympics, trouble is looming for Kenya's track and field athletes.
After an attempt to deceive a doping check in the Olympic village, Kenya has sent one coach home.
The International Olympic Committee announced that it would set up a disciplinary committee immediately to investigate the case.
A Kenyan official announced that former sprinter and current coach John Anzrah had given a urine sample in the Olympic village in the name of 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich.
Kenya's team managers were allegedly informed of this by the doping officials.
The global IAAF federation has requested information about the matter from the IOC so it can carry out its own investigations, stated an IAAF spokesperson.
"The IAAF will perform an evaluation, depending on the findings of the investigation and the steps taken by the IOC as a result," said an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) went to the doping check and alleged that he was Ferguson Rotich, handed in the sample, and signed for it," explained Stephan Arap Soi, Kenya's Chef de Mission.
He had the athlete's accreditation as given in the list of training checks for the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich came fourth in the 800-metre race at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing.
Four days previously, the Head of the Kenyan track & field delegation, Michael Rotich, had been sent away from the Rio games.
He was alleged to have told sportspeople from his country about upcoming doping tests in exchange for money.
According to media reports, he was arrested on his return at Nairobi Airport.
After numerous instances of doping, the IOC has been keeping a particularly close eye on Kenya for a while.
When the IOC announced that it would hold more than 2000 targeted doping checks in advance of the Rio games, it also announced, unusually, that athletes from Kenya and Russia would be examined particularly closely.
Ahead of the summer games in Brazil, the World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country to introduce an anti-doping law and a functioning system of checks.
The law was passed a few weeks before the start of the Olympics.
Following this, WADA removed Kenya from the list of countries whose anti-doping measures comply with WADA rules.
Running is a national sport in Kenya.
The country's track and field athletes won the most medals at the 2015 world championships in Beijing.
In a series of televised reports by ARD, the claim was made time and again that doping drugs are easily accessible in Kenya and that there is a mentality of cheating at sport.
IOC member Richard Pound has recently called for an investigation in Kenya to mirror that which took place into Russian athletics.
This investigation proved that doping was undertaken extensively and systematically across the sport.
As a result, Russia's track and field athletes were banned from the summer games.
Salzburg's "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
In the Shakespeare anniversary year, the Salzburger Festspiele is putting on "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as tragic couple just like Romeo and Juliet.
Featuring a surprise: Cecilia Bartoli.
A musical has gripped Salzburg: Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece, "West Side Story".
Artistic Director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical into the temple of classical music, and has made a childhood dream come true by taking on the role of Maria.
In the orchestra pit, the Simón Bolívar Orchestra will be conducted by Venezuelan director Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he enthuses.
We always say that it has a lot of Latin American influences.
There are many Latin American elements in its tempo and melodies.
It is a wonderful mixture, the perfect formula for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
In this production, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
She remembers her love affair with Tony with wistfulness, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
The role of Maria has always fascinated me.
Firstly because it's musically unusual!
And then there's Maria's personality.
As she says in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright".
So she's clever, and naive of course, and full of passion.
"She's very like me, like my Italian personality as a girl from Rome," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
We are so honoured to work with her.
She is an incredibly generous person.
And Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an exceptional artist and so passionate!"
For him, conducting is a need.
You see it in all his movements, his glances - it is his life!
It is such a great chance to be able to share this musical experience with him.
We both have a rather southern temperament, fire, passion, and we both approach life with joy, which is the most important of all!
For the American director Philip Wm. McKinley, "West Side Story" is bang up-to-date: "This work is all about prejudice and fanaticism."
Today we're dealing with the refugees, back then Puerto Ricans had gone to New York, and the residents of New York didn't want them there.
It's the same issues, and they were as significant then as they are today.
Fifty-nine years on, the work is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined ISIL killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIL, has reportedly died in Syria.
Attorney Tasnime Akunjee said her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
She was believed to have been killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the group's stronghold in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died just as she was making plans to flee the war-torn country and return to Britain.
"One would hope that the only benefit out of this is - as a tombstone and testament to others, that these are the risks actually involved in going to a war zone - to dissuade people from ever making that choice really," Akunjee said.
In February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London boarded a flight to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told she married an ISIL fighter in Syria - and became a widow within months.
Reid says Clinton will stick with Garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick Garland "with some degree of credibility."
A spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate Garland and was speculating.
He praised Garland and said Clinton's team would not want to "rock the boat" with a new pick.
Garland is the chief judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit.
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are "minions" and "enablers" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
He said Trump is unfit for office.
Treats says nude calendar for 'women, as well as men'
Treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s' Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
But instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 NU Muses calendar.
Treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because "Playboy is for men."
I do this for women.
Apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.
"We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
Women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
Models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community faces mass exodus
"If you don't change your tune and praise Erdogan, your suitcase is basically packed," says the President of the Gülen-supporting Dialogue and World foundation, Ercan Karakoyun.
The Kurdish community in Germany is expecting tens of thousands of people to arrive at short notice in search of protection, fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
In the medium term, this could even grow to "a few hundred thousand", believes Ali Toprak, President of the association.
The crackdown instigated by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the attempted coup has led the Germany Kurdish Association to expect a mass exodus to Germany.
"In the short term I'm expecting ten thousand, in the medium term a few hundred thousand people coming from Turkey looking for protection in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to antagonise minorities and democratic opposition," said the President of the Association, Ali Toprak, to "Die Welt" newspaper on Friday.
A few months ago the government initiated punitive action against Kurdish strongholds - and as a result, 500,000 Kurds are already on the run within Turkey.
After the unsuccessful coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks have been added to the list.
Many will want to seek a new start in Europe if they continue to suffer oppression in Turkey.
"It is unacceptable that a country that takes in refugees is also producing them," said Toprak.
The head of the Association complained about the deliberate relocating of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish and Alevi towns.
He thinks that Erdogan did this to encourage the remaining Kurds to leave.
"They are the last big minority in Turkey: the Christian Armenians and the Greeks have already been exterminated or driven out over the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a member of the CDU.
The head of the Association requested that the Federal Government acted "as harshly as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters".
A "witch-hunt" is also underway in Germany against those critical of Erdogan.
Over the past few months, I have no longer felt safe in Germany for the first time.
The German branch of the Gülen movement also fears that many Turks will flee abroad.
More Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and members of the opposition.
Being singled out as a Gülen-supporter is career-destroying for teachers and other academics.
"If you don't change your tune and praise Erdogan, your suitcase is basically packed," said the President of the Gülen-supporting Dialogue and World Foundation, Ercan Karakoyun, to "Die Welt" newspaper.
As the newspaper reports, using figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, even before the coup Turks were the largest group granted asylum in Germany on the grounds of political persecution.
On the reference date of June 30, this amounted to 11,386 people, almost 29 percent of all people entitled to asylum (39,625).
These figures do not include people who have fled war, poverty or a lack of prospects.
Under the constitution, only individuals suffering political persecution, i.e., on the part of the state, are entitled to asylum.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Go where it hurts"
Strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: Locals hear nothing about the summer elections - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to vote for the state parliament.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, they understood this.
In 2021 the state parliament elections will not take place at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin parliament decided at the start of the year.
The way things had been going was simply ridiculous: summer holidays, heat and state parliament elections - they clash with one another.
The locals who need to be won over by the candidates are on holiday.
Most holidaymakers in the state, in Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals - and are not allowed to vote for the state parliament.
There are also practical problems to consider: during the holidays, volunteers who put up signs, blow up balloons, distribute flyers and count the votes at the end, are hard to find.
Until 4 September 2016, election day and the last day of the holidays, people in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern must put up with one more election without the people being consulted.
The heated phase, if that can be said at all, has already begun.
And there's something at stake: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of an SPD/CDU coalition, is fearing for his seat.
The SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU, according to polls.
It will be exciting to see how Neuling AfD carves things up, and whether a coalition can be formed with what's left at the end.
Sellering, 66 years old and head of the parliament since 2008, pursued a rather inconspicuous election campaign, as can be seen from his posters.
He is travelling around the region, distributing roses and chatting a bit with people, just as his legendarily taciturn predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
Apart from that, Seelering has got cold feet, blaming Chancellor Merkel for the rise of the AfD.
Her refugee policies, her "we can manage it" have accelerated the rise of the far-right, he believes - which will probably cost him his job.
The CDU and its top-level candidate, Minister of the Interior Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what happens when you fight an election in the right place at the wrong time.
The CDU have invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to two mass rallies; Merkel's parliamentary constituency is in the north-east.
But the target group wasn't right: there were more people from North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony there than people from Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
"The majority probably came from other federal states," Vincent Kokert, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, complained to the NDR recently.
But it won't do any harm to anyone from other parts of Germany to listen to Angela Merkal for once.
Apart from that, the north-east CDU is generally dispensing with the normal election events with parasols and balloons in market squares and outside shopping centres.
According to Kokert, that will only play a "minor role".
The Union also noticed that they are losing their footing in the region, and will have to work hard to connect with the people.
They are suffering like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: hardly present across large swathes of the region.
The advice that CDU candidate Kokert gave to his competitors is revealing: "You have got to go where it hurts, or where the people are: village fetes, Golden Wedding anniversaries, you have to make use of every birthday party."
Sellering has already called his SPD to fight a particularly committed election campaign because there is so much at stake.
According to polls, the social democrats have 22 percent, behind their partners the CDU (25), and only fractionally ahead of the AfD (19).
In the 2011 elections, the SPD had a clear victory over the CDU (35.6 percent versus 22 percent).
The Greens, a small party with seven percent in the polls, should make the leap into the regional parliament.
They are making a modern virtue out of the holiday issue, and are waging their election war predominantly online.
"Online election campaign" is what the regional chairperson Claudia Müller has dubbed it.
Apart from that, the Greens are searching out local voters among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, their top candidate, is currently crossing Mecklenburg's lakes on a houseboat - and is having a nice time.
Her view? "Having an election holiday in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern isn't all that bad".
B27 redevelopment: restaurants are suffering from the closure
There are hardly any problems with the speed at which the B27 is being redeveloped.
There is praise from all quarters for the people responsible for the construction works, which start at 5.30 a.m. and end at 8 p.m.
"They have done everything so speedily," Elvira Texlaff at the Jet petrol station explains.
That is a super team.
There are also no delays.
At the start of the week, the construction site could be moved southwards in line with plans, marking the half-way point, and everything is expected to be completed by October.
The obligingness of the people responsible for the construction works in terms of setting up substitute driveways.
Since the construction site was moved southwards on Monday, and the Aspegstraße in Ofterdingen was reopened, and the link to Rottenburg was re-established, the traffic situation within the town has improved.
Residents can now drive on both sides of the B 27 out of Ofterdingen.
There seem to be fewer drivers taking alternative routes through the town.
"There were some serious complaints made," said Florian King, deputy chief officer responsible for traffic management during the redevelopment.
Residents in Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to put up with more traffic noise because people were looking for ways to cut through, trusting their satnav more than the signage.
This led to some lorries hurtling through residential areas.
The commune has increased calls for the measuring vehicle from Mössingen because speed limits were not always adhered to either.
"There were considerable infringements," said King, who had taken a look on-site to see what was going on.
Two to three vehicles were snapped by a speed camera every minute.
The fastest was travelling at 77 kilometres per hour in a 30 zone.
Since the construction site has moved on, things have quietened down.
This is only a small consolation for businesses located along the B 27 that the road has reopened for customers from Rottenburg.
Business people don't like to show their hand.
But nobody we questioned hid the fact that the B 27 redevelopment had led to a drop in profits.
However, some have been affected more than others.
People who have little to do with "end customers", i.e. if they make products for other companies, have hardly been affected by the redevelopment.
Even at the Maier car dealership, Thomas Sulz talked of "a slight loss, at the most", but also admitted that "there had been a lack of passing trade".
Bars and restaurants along the road had been the hardest hit.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse (previously Krone), expressed himself clearly.
It has threatened our very existence.
It's not just him: all restaurants have been "hit hard".
Customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil stayed away.
We have to be happy about every euro of profit we make.
He reckons that profits slumped by "far more than 50 percent".
The road redevelopment "set back" his businesses "by two years".
He had to let half of his staff go.
If I had a company with 4000 employees and had to let half of them go, politicians would have reacted differently.
Instead, when Göhner asked the government's president, Jörg Schmidt, if there would be financial compensation, the president replied that the restaurant benefited already from its location on the B 27. And now it just had to deal with the disadvantages thrown up by the redevelopment.
Göhner knows of other districts where people have acted more generously.
Despite all the complains, Göhner is convinced that his restaurant will survive.
After all, the family business moved there back in 1715, he said, referring to its long history.
He can understand that his regular customers visit less as a result of the complicated traffic system.
If you can't drive past, other places are also nice.
Göhner has no doubt that his regulars will return once the redevelopment works have been completed.
Despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner believes that the effects of the B 27 works on his clientele mark the biggest crisis his restaurant has suffered in its long history.
Six months of construction works, that's brutal.
Law are constantly being passed in the name of anti-terrorism.
After the most recent attacks, Minister of the Interior de Maizière is now putting forward a host of security measures.
But what does residential status have to do with terrorism?
And what does the coalition partner have to say about it all?
Thomas de Maizière is playing the conciliator.
All his proposals are "politically reasonable" for the coalition partner, the Federal Minister of the Interior said when revealing his new security package.
They are not asking too much of anyone.
Other, more wide-reaching issues will first be discussed within the parties.
I will also be involved in that.
As Minister of the Interior, however, he is responsible for results, and for reaching an "achievable agreement" within the coalition, he says.
After the most recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, de Maizière let a little time pass before announcing his conclusions for security within Germany.
However, they are more comprehensive as a result.
One thing was already known, announced, heralded: The fact that a new security agency is going to work on cracking encrypted communications is not new.
Neither is the fact that Germany will have to implement several EU directives on air passenger data and gun laws.
The call for more video surveillance and staff for security agencies also does not come as a surprise.
To some extent, de Maizière is launching a second attempt at proposals that the SPD long wanted nothing to do with: He wants to penalise advertising for terrorist groups, and remove German passports from jihadis with dual citizenship.
"They will be difficult issues for the SPD," admitted the CDU politician.
Despite this, he believes they are achievable, and is not demanding anything that has no chance with the coalition partner.
De Maizière also presented a few new ideas.
Some of them have a lot to offer: He is planning accelerated processes for deportation and more opportunities to arrest individuals prior to their deportation.
Refugees who are specifically brought to the country should allow their smartphones to be checked, and present their social media accounts for security checks.
He wants to reduce tolerance for people who have been refused asylum - such as those who commit crimes, or deliberately throw away their papers to conceal their identity.
Some of it is politically and legally tricky.
Some of it also seems half-baked, and leaves questions to be answered.
And for some points - such as the unequal treatment of tolerated persons - the following question is raised: What does that actually have to do with security and terrorism?
Yes, de Maizière says, it is important to differentiate between the issues posed by refugees, and the issue of terrorism.
But it cannot be denied that the perpetrators of the attacks in Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
In addition, many people are worried about security because of the large numbers of refugees.
And things that deeply worry people cannot be ignored - even during election season.
Domestic security has come to the fore to a huge extent.
First the attacks in neighbouring countries: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
Then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
There is a large amount of uncertainty.
And yes, elections are looming.
The Union and the SPD are consequently focusing more and more on the issue of security.
Over the past few days things have been quite heated between the two parties.
First a nasty argument about the Federal Police Force's equipment, then about an ideas-gathering event for security and politics-related discussions between some Ministers of the Interior in the Union, at which a burka ban and the renunciation of dual citizenship were demanded by department heads.
De Maizière is also trying to strike a conciliatory note here.
He does not think that dual citizenship will be removed.
We have dealt with the discussions in Germany.
It would not make sense to reopen discussions on this topic.
And he thinks that a burka ban would come up against constitutional issues.
However, it remains to be seen whether his own package is in line with the constitution throughout, and whether it really is "achievable" for his coalition partner.
There are few things inside it that could cause problems.
But the SPD is also currently attempting to use the issue of domestic security to shape itself.
SPD Head Sigmar Gabriel showed that the party was happy to discuss the issue, albeit sensitively at first, saying that "the SPD is prepared to discuss anything that will increase security further."
Volkswagen gets off lightly.
Despite the diesel scandal, global delivery figures are increasing.
But things aren't quite as rosy in all markets.
The recall has led to fuss about one term.
Volkswagen's deliveries were more restrained in the second half of the year.
Thanks to its number of brands and some well-functioning markets, Europe's largest car manufacturer can boast another plus for the previous year, despite the diesel scandal.
However, in July, the VW core brand suffered, particularly in Western Europe, thereby affecting overall sales, as the Dax-listed company announced.
Globally, the VW brand sold 449,100 cars in July - 1.8 percent fewer vehicles than in the same month in the previous year.
In Western Europe alone, the second most important market after China, sales were 14 percent lower than in the same month the year before.
In its home market of Germany, deliveries plummeted by almost a sixth.
Head of brand sales, Jürge Stackmann, blamed July's poor figures on the loss of two sales days in Europe.
In addition, some key markets saw "changed economic climates", which led to fewer purchases.
In addition to the situation regarding the attempted coup in Turkey, the British vote to leave the EU had also had an impact, a spokeswoman said.
In the USA, where the emissions scandal first began, the books are once again in the red.
The Chinese market is a source of great support for VW.
In total, Lower Saxony's own brand, which was most affected, has got off lightly from the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, there is a minus in the books for deliveries amounting to 0.9 percent of 3.37 million vehicles.
Head of sales at the company, Fred Kappler, was once again able to bring out an increase in sales from January to July.
Volkswagen delivered 1.3 percent more vehicles in this time period, coming to a global total of 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had used software to manipulate emissions tests.
In Germany alone, VW has called 2.5 million vehicles back to workshops to be refitted.
In the course of modifying the vehicles VW emphasised that refitting them would have no negative effects.
After the vehicles have been modified, fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or motor performance would not get worse.
After modification, the car manufacturer will provide its customers with a certificate that is "as good as a guarantee" but would not talk of an actual "guarantee", as was mentioned on Friday in corporate circles.
Legal intricacies are the reason for this.
"Focus" reported that Volkswagen would provide its German customers with a guarantee for modified diesel cars nonetheless.
This was confirmed by VW representatives at the Federal Ministry of Transport on the Monday previous.
The Ministry of Transport confirmed that this meeting had taken place.
"VW must fully meet the requirements of my investigative committee and the KBA."
"Deviations will not be accepted," explained Alexander Dobrindt (CDU), the Federal Minister for Transport, according to the Ministry.
VW took on the guarantee that fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or motor performance would not get worse as a result of the modification, and all vehicle values relevant to type approval would remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee", as has been mentioned in corporate circles.
Volkswagen believes that the broad term "guarantee" could see customers returning to the workshop with motor damage six months after the modification - and being able to blame this on the new software, even if the damage had nothing at all to do with it.
It is also in the customers' interest to prevent confusion with guarantee clauses for any other faults that have nothing at all to do with the emissions scandal.
This is why VW will not be using the term "guarantee".
The Raffeisen Bank in Gmund am Tegernsee will demand penalty interest from wealthy savers in the future - and it will be the second bank in Germany to do so.
Managing Director of the bank, Josef Paul, said on Thursday that "this only applies to 139 customers with 40 million euros in their current accounts or day-to-day accounts".
The Federal Association of German Banks believes this is an isolated case, and does not see it as a sign: normal savers "need not worry about being hit with penalty interest on the pennies they've put aside".
If banks invest money overnight with the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay penalty interest of 0.4 percent.
From September, the Raffeisen Bank in Gmund will be asking private and business customers with more than 100,000 euros in their current account or day-to-day account to pay this fee.
"The first 100,000 euros are free."
"In the future, any subsequent 100,000 euros will cost 400 euros a year," Paul said.
For some time, he has been managing 40 million euros that could be withdrawn any day, and that he is unable to make use of.
"The money has been sitting in my account at the Central Bank, and costing 0.4 percent," the bank CEO said.
"I cannot put 4000 euros aside for every million."
He is passing on the costs under the "polluter pays" principle.
It would be far too dangerous just to leave the cash in the Raffeisen Bank's safe: "I have already been through four raids, I don't want a fifth!" the bank's managing director said.
Most customers have been understanding, and have switched to other forms of investment.
Only a small number moved to other banks.
The Federation of Cooperatives of Bavaria explained that "the extreme monetary policy pursued by the ECG leads to all banks incurring significant costs".
It would be "impossible" for them to bear these costs "on a permanent basis, from a business perspective".
As a result, some German banks have increased the fees they charge for account management, credit cards or transfers.
Thuringia's "Volks- und Raffeisen Bank" in Altenburger Land hit the headlines in 2014 when their Skatbank branch imposed penalty interest on investments of more than three million euros.
Michael Kemmer, managing director of the banking association, said: "We are not expecting that private customers will all have to pay fees for investments - the competition between banks in Germany is much too strong for that".
A banker said that, in Tegernsee, there was "clientele who were rather better off in terms of assets."
"That can be a problem for a small bank," if the bank is looking after their money for free.
The Cooperative Bank of Gmund was founded in 1911, and has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
Famous actors, sportspeople and enterpreneurs live in the region.
Spokesperson Ernst said that the Cooperative Association of Bavaria "was not currently aware of any other banks that ask private customers to reimburse their expenses".
The President of the Bundesverband der deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, said at the end of June that "the threshold for tipping into the red in terms of private customers is very, very high".
Competition is fierce, and there is the risk that investors will move to competitors.
Customers in Germany will not put up with that, broadly speaking.
Vinyl destination: who is actually buying records?
Lonely, middle-aged men love vinyl.
Before you rush to litter the comments section with gnarly insults under the pseudonym NotAllLonelyMiddleAgedMen, this statement derives from actual data.
According to YouGov, the much talked-about record resurgence is driven not by a boom in millennials who want to embrace the novelty of a physical item, but by midlife nostalgia.
Those who have recently purchased a vinyl album are most likely to be aged between 45 and 54, apparently.
In fact, those in the 18-24 age group are the least likely.
It is not just an act of hoarding by hobbyists, either - it has emotional significance: older vinyl buyers are slightly more likely to keep their feelings to themselves (56% versus 53%) and enjoy being alone (69% versus 66%).
But are YouGov's results true?
If this blog was a televised news report, the camera would follow me as I walked down the middle of a busy Soho street, wearing a modest grey suit and gesturing wildly before stopping, cupping my hands and saying something authoritative like: "So, let's take a look."
So, let's take a look.
While the heart of Soho is slowly being drained of its charm and grot - hotels, Eats, Prets and Paperchases now fill the buildings once occupied by independent sellers - a handful of fantastic specialist record shops still remain.
I'd probably ask the camera to stop rolling for the next bit, in which I stand very close to various men in some of these stores and attempt to gauge their age and emotional disposition via observation.
Glaswegian Stuart, 55, whom I follow from Sister Ray (data count: two young women, three middle-aged men) into Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably in her 20s) is in London for the afternoon for a meeting and is perusing the shops to fill a few hours.
Is he a collector, I ask?
"I suppose I am," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
These records, pictured above (he emailed me the snap, I didn't follow him home), line his living room walls.
His reason for acquiring such a vast number of albums and singles is partly a result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy records he couldn't afford when they originally came out, and to repurchase items he sold when he was young and skint.
"A lot of the stuff I get is late 60s, early 70s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things I was probably a bit too young to get," he says.
He agrees that those who purchase records are more likely to be introverts who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink very much.
It's my vice.
Wez, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he encounters fit the YouGov profile.
He has, however, noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media hype, people who heard about the comeback and felt compelled to buy back their old records.
From conversations I've had, people have got rid of their collection, normally around 1998 or 1999.
Customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their records back," he says.
That may explain a boom in vinyl revivalists of a certain age.
But what about the alleged emotional importance of records?
It takes a few seconds in a shop such as Phonica to realise that record stores offer a comforting community of likeminded types.
According to Wez, some older customers have taken umbrage with the contactless payment system in particular.
Some vinyl fans may feel overwhelmed by the digital world and choose to retreat to the stability of the familiar record sleeve, of items that recall halcyon teenage memories.
"I think sometimes it can be filling a void or having material possessions as some kind of comfort," Wez says.
As a collector myself, I have that, and I think a lot of people do.
It's an easy way to occupy your headspace.
"We're like their social workers!" pipes up a co-worker from a stack of records.
An ICM poll in April revealed that almost 50% of people who bought a vinyl album the previous month had yet to listen to it.
The poll also found that 41% have a turntable they never use, while 7% of those who purchase vinyl don't own a record player.
At this stage of the news report, I would probably be looking gravely concerned while flicking through a stack of bossa nova compilations.
The "trophy" aspect of the revival is something that Jonny, 42, who works in Sounds of the Universe (data count: three midde-aged men) has noticed.
"Someone came in recently and said: "I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead record so we can put it on our shelf,"" he says.
That's not a large percentage, but it's definitely happening.
More of the product side, less of the music.
We have people saying: "I don't have a record player."
That's younger people, not older ones, late teens who are just getting into it.
Fopp, which now dedicates almost an entire floor to vinyl, has a far more varied audience when I arrive.
There are couples in their 70s, tourists taking photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
While the atmosphere is less at ease than the aforementioned stores - Wild Beast's latest synth- and sex-fuelled pop, rather than noodling jazz, is blasting from the speakers - it is good to see diversity in its customers.
None of them look particularly lonely, but nagging psychological trauma is hard to ascertain by standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been walking around Fopp for a few minutes, looking at the variety of records on sale.
She is window-shopping, rather than on a spending spree.
She doesn't earn a lot, she says, so collecting records isn't really an option.
It costs a lot.
It's easy to listen to music by a computer or another way, but the beauty of vinyl is ..." she drifts off into a lovestruck sigh.
I don't know how to explain - it's really unique.
My last stop is a shop said to have inspired a fresh generation of vinyl lovers: Urban Outfitters.
While giving the illusion of perusing the denim hot pants, I observe a group of teenage girls, who cluster around the Polaroid cameras momentarily, before a dad and his daughter deliberate purchasing a Crosley record player.
To the left is a stairwell, a wall of which is stacked with records by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mix of contemporary and classics, the essential records for any average collection.
Nobody is looking - perhaps because they are merely decoration, some so high up the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
It is pure "art vinyl."
But, given that any attraction to these items could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers into the depths of Soho for more, there is little to complain about.
It is no surprise that a demographic more likely than most to have more time and money than most is also the one that spends the most on luxury items such as vinyl.
But while my findings suggest YouGov's results are accurate, in Soho record stores at least, they do not discount the huge number of female collectors and vinyl lovers that exist in reality, in record shops and on online forums.
These people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
They are certainly not spending their Thursday mornings loitering around the record shops of Berwick Street, flicking through records and avoiding the gaze of a creepy, 30-year-old fake television presenter who is looming over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal - video report
Scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
A French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
At a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
The Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
Humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
They argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
A Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns "were totally understandable."
The judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that "live in extremely precarious conditions."
He said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
One of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book Kids" Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
More than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids" cafe.
A letter sent to the Guardian said its closure "would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight."
Two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9,000 people - the highest ever - after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
Despite Olympic disappointment, Martin keeps his fighting spirit
Despite his disappointing performance in the Olympic time trial, cycling professional Tony Martin will keep his chin up.
"I'm going to keep the World Championship in my sights, stay optimistic, and keep fighting," wrote the 31-year-old on Facebook on Thursday ahead of his journey home from Rio.
He was unable to provide an explanation for his poor finish in 12th place on Sugar Loaf Mountain.
"It's honestly hard for me to comment on my time from yesterday," said Martin.
He said he needed to reflect and analyse the reasons behind the debacle.
Martin had wanted to compete for the title at the time trial World Championship in Qatar in October.
"I'm going to take a real look at everything we've changed recently."
"This also includes my position," wrote the three-time time trial World Champion, who had lost to Olympic gold medallist Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland) by more than three minutes over the course of the 54.5km race on Wednesday.
Olympics: Tennis pro Siegemund misses out on the semi-final
Laura Siegemund's reign of success comes to an end in the Rio quarter-final: Ranked 32 in the world, the player from Metzingen will definitely miss out on the semi-final of the Olympic tennis tournament after losing 1:6, 1:6 against Monic Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA no.
34).
Sigemund, who has been struggling with back problems, was only able to hold her serve once, and seemed powerless in comparison to earlier rounds.
On Thursday, potential medallist Angelique Kerber (Kiel/no. 2) had the chance of making the semi-final.
The winner of the Australian Open faced off against Brit Johanna Konta (no. 10).
The last German tennis player to win was Tommy Haas, who took the silver medal in Sydney in 2000.
The last time there were two German tennis players in the quarter-finals of the summer games was in 1992.
There has never been a German-German Olympic semi-final.
Company gets involved in start-up for live video game streaming
Watching other people play video games is a huge trend - and Microsoft wants to profit from this too.
The technology company has purchased start-up Beam, which has specialised in this hobby.
On Thursday Microsoft did not announce how much many had been spent on the takeover.
Beam launched its programme in January, and already has more than 100,000 users.
They can watch other people play, and also get involved themselves.
For example, they can give players missions to complete and confront enemies, and provide equipment.
Games giant Activision Blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
Facebook is to help on the path to making them global media events.
The advertising industry has already pricked up its ears.
The start-up's employees, who were previously based in Seattle in the US state of Washington, will now move to Microsoft's headquarters in California's Redmond, Beam's co-founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi reported.
The takeover will not change anything for customers.
According to Microsoft, Beam will be integrated into the video games department that is linked to the Xbox console.
The market for live-streaming video games is currently growing rapidly.
Well-known platforms include Twitch and YouTube Gaming.
In 2014 Twitch was purchased by online retailer Amazon - for almost one billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming is owned by Google's parent company Alphabet.
Here comes the enforcement trailer
Germany's speeders will have to get used to the new generation of speedometers: In various federal states, including Hesse and Brandenburg, new speed cameras are being trialled, which are supposed to be particularly effective at catching those who drive too fast.
The futuristic-looking enforcement trailer made by Vitronic, a company form Wiesbaden, could be used at accident blackspots, for example, where it is too dangerous for the police to go.
For example, roadworks on a motorway, or a bridge that is due to be repaired, and therefore has a temporary speed limit often lack the infrastructure to support a fixed speed camera to ensure that speed limits are being adhered to.
It can also be too dangerous or expensive to keep assembling and unassembling the speed camera at these points.
The enforcement trailer is autonomous: its battery lasts for five days of continuous measurement, and data is transferred in encrypted form via a modem.
Thanks to laser measuring technology, all vehicles across several lanes can be tracked at the same time.
Variable speed limits and driving bans based on time, lane or vehicle type can also be monitored.
When powered up, the manufacturer says that any car with a trailer coupling can move the trailer.
To prevent it from simply being stolen, it sinks down when measuring, making its wheels disappear into the armoured, bullet-proof exterior.
In addition, the speed camera's in-built alarm system is designed to protect it from vandalism.
Since 2015, according to Vitronic, the trailer has been tested in various federal states and is now also used in them.
Foreign authorities are also using the new technology for speed cameras: recently France ordered 100 of them, after ordering 150 the year before.
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
Great Britain's impressive run in the Rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.
Defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver - Britain's third of the day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
The bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
But, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
It may be some consolation to GB - but probably not - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
It has been some journey for GB.
Eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
Here, they lost just one.
This hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
It was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
With four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
A superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
On seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
The conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
It was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
Which is pretty much how it is.
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam...for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
It was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
The whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
Earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each - Britain's conversion the difference.
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
A brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win - and ultimately the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
There will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
From the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
Though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
Their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
What we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
Behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
As he said, it was touch and go.
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
If they don't it goes everywhere.
It would have been a pretty bad situation.
It alters your outlook a bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
The trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
It was an incentive.
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward - 20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
That's how it starts off.
Rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
In the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
Stanning, a captain in the Royal Artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said "I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot."
It just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
It's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
Without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
The pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
Even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
We were very much in the moment.
Helen was calling 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
It's really important not to get carried away.
We had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
We weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
The pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
For now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
That would have meant too much pressure.
In London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
It was all so new and I was so stressed.
Here it took about four minutes.
This feels so much better," she said.
Setting a clear example for 31 years
The Managing Director of the "Veitensteingruppe" Water Supply Association, Rupert Göller, is retiring.
The Assocation "sets an example for the entirety of Bavaria".
A small Franconian drinking water supply association as a role-model for the large water producers.
That was how the association was described in a segment on Bavarian radio.
A little later, the Water Forum of the government of Lower Franconia praised the Association.
The Veitensteingruppe's work was described as "setting an example for the entirety of Bavaria".
Rupert Göller is behind it all: he worked as an employee of the Association for 31 years, and has been its Managing Director for 28.
He has now gone into retirement at the age of 65.
The Veitensteingruppe Drinking Water Supply Association has its headquarters in Kottendorf in the commune of Breitbrunn, and provides 150,000 cubic metres of water annually, supplying 32 villages and hamlets with around 5,500 inhabitants.
The communes of Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the municipality of Baunach are also members.
Water supply contracts are in place for additional municipalities and communes.
Current chairman, Breitbrunn's mayoress Gertrud Bühl (FW), looks back to when Ruper Göller was brought on as a water officer in 1985, and was promoted to Managing Director of the Association as soon as 1988.
"His tasks were very varied, ranging from constructing water pipes and performing maintenance work through to office and organisational tasks, budget planning, calculating fees and contributions, through to getting involved in emergencies at weekends," the chairman said.
She pointed out some exceptional successes, including commissioning and opening the new spring (1994), purchasing land near the new spring (1998), compensating farmers, renovating the elevated tanks (1999), creating a new computer management system (2004), and renewing some of the water pipes.
Things never stopped, and renovations were always underway: water means life, and drinking water is the most important foodstuff of all.
In her laudatory speech, she praised Göller's loyal, reliable, and upstanding service over 31 years.
He put his heart and soul into the Water Supply Association, and lived for it as if it were his own company.
A few weeks ago he gave a presentation at the Water Forum for the District of Lower Franconia as a true practitioner of the Veitensteingruppe's successful nitrate reduction concept.
He received considerable appreciation and praise for this.
For his part, Rupert Göller praised water officer Alfons Griebel, who had worked alongside him for 28 years.
He is the best water officer, and he was a loyal lad.
Together, we were an unbeatable team.
From his perspective, the high point was the construction of the spring and the restructuring of the Association.
However, the largest challenge and most difficult shift was when the pipe broke on the Kirchlauter elevated tank on 3 January one year.
We had to work through the night at minus 17 degrees to ensure the locality would be supplied with water.
Even the supply from the new spring was sometimes only maintained because the elevated tank at Pettstadt was filled by hosepipe.
The management of the Drinking Water Supply Association was passed to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who will be Rupert Göller's successor.
Soprano Anna Netrebko is open about her son Tiago's autism - and addresses other parents affected by the disease: "You must be brave enough to talk about it."
"Medicine has come a long way," the 44-year-old said to Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera".
When her son was diagnosed with the disease, she thought she would die.
Tiago is now eight years old and has made great strides, being schooled privately in New York, where the best therapists are located.
"To give an example: If I ask him what happened two years ago when I sang at Milan's La Scala, he can't remember anything," Netrebko said.
But he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago is the offspring of Netrebko's liaison with bass-baritone Erwin Schrott.
She is now married to tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
Crime passionelle in Bargteheide - man shoots his partner
A 35-year-old man shot and fatally wounded his partner on Friday around 10.45 a.m. in an apartment building in Bargeteheide (in the district of Stormarn).
"The man himself called up and admitted to having shot his partner," a police spokeswoman said.
The perpetrator is on the run, she said, and he is officially being sought.
This search is now happening across Germany, because Sven S. might be travelling by car.
The man is around 1.8 m tall, muscular, sun-tanned, and has a bald patch.
The police have now issued a photo of him.
But it is a couple of years old.
The man now has a bald patch.
The man should not be approached.
The police believe he may still be carrying a weapon.
Anyone who sees Sven S. should call 110.
The police are talking of a "crime passionelle".
The victim was apparently born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
The police force in Lübeck dealing with the crime initially did not want to disclose any information on the crime or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but it confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It is a homicide."
"We are not saying any more at this time," a police spokeswoman in Lübeck said.
According to eyewitnesses, a SWAT team was at the scene.
Steel - There's a ray of hope for the German steel industry
The German steel industry has been riddled with crises and uses a lot of energy - but it has been spared additional costs that could have run into the millions.
The sector had been threatened by financial burdens for the promotion of green energy, but these are now off the table.
Federal Minister of the Economy Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) told the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ) newspaper on Friday that the exemption from the renewable energies levy would remain in place for electricity self-supply for pre-existing plants within the German steel industry.
"I am truly delighted by the fact that we have finally reached an agreement after two years of intense negotiations."
The European Commission had originally planned to make steel manufacturers, who use the gases from their blast furnaces to generate electricity for their own use, pay a levy.
According to the German association for the sector, the steel industry was threatened with additional costs ranging from 120 to 240 million euros a year.
Gabriel told WAZ that a basic agreement had now been reached with the EU Commission, following discussions with Margrethe Vestager, the Commissioner for Competition.
The EEG levy of 20 percent is now only due when the generators in the steelworks are replaced.
This too will not be levied against the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed the agreement Germany had reached with the EU Commission on electricity self-generation.
The agreement sees the status quo of the previous ruling largely formalised.
Gabriel's positive efforts are particularly important for the steel industry.
"It is the first step within our "steel is the future" campaign."
"This needs to be followed by other steps."
"Climate targets and employment objectives also need to be taken into account during negotiations to reform emissions allowances," explained IG Metall's CEO, Jörg Hofmann, in Frankfurt.
Since the financial crisis of 2008, Europe's steel sector has suffered from overcapacities and considerable pressure in terms of pricing.
The situation only worsened over the past year when the world' biggest producer, China, dumped steel into the global market en masse as a result of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel firms of price dumping.
The situation improved slightly during spring of this year.
On the one hand, import taxes started to have an impact on imported steel, on the other, economic prospects in China brightened up.
It is not clear how long prices will remain perked up for.
The German sector leader, Thyssenkrupp, was cautious on Thursday.
Prices had plateaued recently, he said.
The sector is reacting to the tricky situation by reducing prices further.
Thyssenkrupp also did not want to rule out closing individual plants.
At the end of 2015, around 86,000 people were employed in Germany's steel industry.
Despite rising prices and increasing orders, German steel manufacturers remained cautious in July.
At 3.4 million tons, they produced a good six percent less raw steel than in the corresponding month in the previous year, as the steel association reported on Friday.
After a brief spike in May, the amounts produced shrunk for a second consecutive month.
Since the start of the year, production has been two percent less than the value for the equivalent period in the previous year.
The association is expecting output to increase over the next few months thanks to an improved situation in terms of orders.
Community, mind, health: singing is good for the elderly
Singing has been a constant throughout Ursel Kipp's entire life: as a young girl she sang in her school choir, when she was studying to be a teacher she took music classes, and today, the 78-year-old sings in a choir for the elderly.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
After a rehearsal, she feels balanced, happy, and generally more alive, she says.
And additionally, she's doing something good for her health and her mind.
Singing is a great hobby for the elderly for a host of reasons, says Erhard Hackler from the German Association for the Elderly.
Most elderly people sing in a choir and share the enjoyment they get from music with like-minded people, says Hackler.
By regularly spending time with others, the elderly can build and maintain social contacts.
Social and familial structures often weaken as people grow older - so choir is a perfect way to spend time with other people.
Ursel Kipp has also experienced this in her choir: "Arranging and organising things with people, being able to rely on others and learn from them - a choir is a really unique way of being together with other people".
Singing can be demanding in the positive sense, Hackler thinks.
This is because it teaches the elderly to breathe deeply and in a controlled manner.
If you push your lungs to their limits regularly, you will not run out of breath as quickly in day-to-day life.
And if you are interested in keeping the sound of your voice as you age, too, singing is the perfect hobby.
Singing often has a really special effect on older people, says Ursula LEnz from the German Association of Senior Citizens' Associations.
For older generations, singing together is seen as more important, it was part of their daily life both at school and in their leisure time, she explains.
Lenz often sees that singing or listening to songs often triggers memories in older people that are often connected to positive emotions from their youth.
Song texts, and melodies in particular, can even be used to help patients with dementia to remember things from far back in their past.
Singing also demands particular mental exertion, explains Lenz.
Concentrating on one's own voice and a set rhythm, while adapting to the other singers - that is a huge cognitive challenge.
In particular, older people who live alone can practice how to focus on people other than themselves.
Another positive aspect is the recognition gained by singing in a choir, Hackler thinks.
A happy audience is great praise.
Even one's self-esteem is boosted by singing in a choir.
Being able to show yourself that by practising for a long time, you can improve and grow - this experience gives you strength.
So there are enough good reasons to start singing.
If you want to try a new hobby, don't delay - even if you think you've not got much talent, Lenz suggests.
You're not singing by yourself - and in a group of 50 people singing, who'll hear if a note's out here or there?
The elderly have many options when looking for the right fit, says Hackler.
If someone you know already sings in a choir for the elderly, you can just go along with them.
In addition, many towns offer an overview of the choirs in their region.
If you want to sing in a church choir, you can approach the parish or churchwarden directly.
Many choirs for the elderly can also be found online.
If you don't have access to the internet, you can ask your family, friends or neighbours to help you look things up online.
If you're interested in singing, you should absolutely join a choir, Hackler thinks.
Singing is good for the soul and is a kind of release - no matter how old you are.
Female cats react more sensitively than male cats to the mewls of their kittens
Biologists in Hanover have researched the effect kittens' cries have on adult animals.
To their surprise, the miaowing didn't leave the male cats unaffected - but, compared to their female counterparts, they always acted the same way.
Female cats can tell how agitated kittens are by their miaowing.
They react ten percent quicker to kittens who sound to be in great distress, the scientists from the Veterinary University and Medical University of Hanover discovered.
Male cats do respond to kittens' cries - but always to the same extent.
"It is clear that the acoustic differences between the miaows of kittens that are more or less agitaged are either imperceptible or unimportant for male cats," the biologists Wiebke Konerding, from MHH, said.
She is the first author of the study published in the "BMC Evolutionary Biology" specialist journal this Friday.
In a previous experiment the research team had already discovered that the duration and pitch of a kitten's miaow changes depending on how urgently they need help.
Nine adult male cats and eight female cats from the MHH's animal husbandry programme were examined.
Firstly, they were played the sound of a kitten who had been taken from the birthing box and separated from its mother and siblings for three minutes.
Then they were played the sound of a more agitated cat, which had also been lifted up.
Despite the low sample size, the researchers believe the results to be significant.
"All females, even those who did not have their offspring, were able to differentiate between miaows," said Konerding.
They turned towards the speaker quicker if it was playing the sound of a highly agitated kitten.
This ability may be innate, or may develop as the animal reaches sexual maturity.
"One surprise was that the male cats reacted at all," the biologist said.
In the past, scientists have researched women's and men's reactions to babies' cries on multiple occasions.
Even in this field a few studies showed that woman reacted more sensitively to infants, regardless of whether they had their own children or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski and "Gala" are shooting for the Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
An arrest warrant has been issued in Turkey for the former football star Hakan Sükür.
He is accused of being a member of a terrorist organisation.
An important football match is taking place in Turkey for the first time following the attempted coup.
Ahead of the duel between arch-rivals Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul for the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "business as usual".
Even when announcing the state of emergency after the attempted coup in July, the government emphasised that this would not affect citizens' daily life.
This does not apply to those people suspected of being followers of the imam Fethulla Gülen, who is believed to be responsible for the attempted coup.
And this doesn't stop for football.
The state prosecutor has issued a warrant for the arrest of former star striker Hakan Sükür.
Sükür, who now lives in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist organisation.
Sükür is accused of being a follower of the imam Fethullah Gülen, whom President Recep Tayyip Erdogan holds responsible for the attempted coup.
While the state of emergency, declared for ninety days, will continue until October, it is having practically no effect on the lives of most Turks.
On Wednesday, Erdogan announced that the night-time "democracy vigils" in public places across the country have come to an end.
The sport - like the entire country - is divided into those who support Erdogan, and those who do not.
Fans of the workers' club Besiktas, in particular, are not traditionally counted among the President's friends.
However, the strict rejection of military coups is what brings most Turks together, in the light of dramatic historical events.
And even the fans can agree on that - whether their hearts beat for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
For cup winners Gala, it will once again depend on Lukas Podolski.
The Cologne native has proved his sporting value over the last season: with 17 goals and nine assists across all competitions, the 31-year-old closed his first season as his club's top scorer.
In the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the goal that led to a 1-0 victory.
The "Fanatik" newspaper praised him, saying "he was the best player on the pitch."
He finished the season in style, and secured the cup for his team.
Thanks to "Poldi", the disappointing season for the record-holders came to a happy end.
After their knockout in the heats for the Champions League, the "Lions" also left the Europa League early on.
They only reached sixth place in the Süper Lig.
The season was not good.
The cup was the only chance to win something.
"We did it - and that's the most important thing," said Podolski.
Winners Besiktas saw a better year of play.
This is mainly thanks to Mario Gomez, who laid the groundwork for their fourteenth title with 26 matches in the season as the Süper Lig's star goalkeeper.
This is also why fans are hoping that the 31-year-old returns.
Gomez, under contract at AC Florenz and only on loan to Besktas, announced after the attempted coup that he would not return to the country after his European Championship holiday due to the political situation.
"But if Mario wants to come here, all he has to do is say," "Kicker" specialist magazine quoted club chairman Fikret Orman as saying.
However, the star would have to be prepared to give up around a third of his annual salary, estimated at 7.5 million euros, as Orman made clear: "We cannot pay the salary that Florenz do".
Despite doping: These athletes are still in with a chance of winning medals in Rio
Justin Gatlin, aged 34, has already been banned twice for doping (in 2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - Whistleblower Julia Stepanowa is banned from taking her place on the start line.
Other track athletes who have been found guilty can only laugh - they are in Rio competing for medals.
The issue of doping continues to hit the headlines during the Olympic Games in Rio.
The Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who appealed against her doping conviction shortly before the games to enable herself to compete, was booed and shouted at as she started her 100-metre breaststroke race.
It was a bizarre scene: She waltzed into the pool with a smile plastered on her face, a deliberately provocative entrance.
As it became clear that she would not take the gold medal, the audience cheered enthusiastically.
But there are many other athletes preparing to line up on the start line at the Olympic Games in Rio despite having been involved in doping in the past.
Here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100m relay/USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial track athletes.
He has already been banned twice for doping (in 2001 and from 2006 to 2010).
Since being banned, the 2004 Olympic champion and former World Champion is running faster than ever before: covering 100m in 9.80 seconds, he is the world number one, and is Usain Bolt's major challenger.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100m relay/Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time World Champion was handed a six-month ban in 2010 after she was proved to have taken Oxycodone.
The 29-year-old defended herself by saying she had suffered with bad toothache after an operation.
Sandra Perkovic (discus/Croatia): in 2011, the 2012 Olympic Chamption, 2013 World Champion and 2010-2016 European Champion tested positive for the banned stimulant methyhexaminine.
Perkovic said that she had not knowingly taken the drug, and was banned for six months.
This year's four longest throws were by the woman tipped for gold.
LaShawn Merrit (200, 400 4x400m relay/USA): Champion at the Beijing Olympics and two-time 400m World Champion, Merrit tested positive in 2010 and was banned for 21 months.
Merritt claimed that a penis enlargement drug was to blame.
This year, the 30-year-old is the fastest man in the world in the 200m and the 400m.
Ivan Tichon (hammer, Belarus): There is hardly another athlete who has been retrospectively stripped of so many medals.
Tichon lost his 2005 World Championship title nine years later after he was proved to have been involved in testosterone doping.
Now 40 years old, he was also stripped of his 2004 Olympic silver medal for doping with steroids, and his 2006 European Champion title for testosterone misuse.
His bronze medal from the 2008 Olympics was also taken away, but it was returned to him following a decision by the International Court of Arbitration for Sport, CAS.
With 80.04m he is at second place in the global rankings.
Liu Hong (20km walking, China): The world record holder and favourite to win gold tested positive as far back as May, but will still be on the start line in Rio.
The 29-year-old world champion revealed traces of a banned dietary supplement, but the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)'s ban was lenient, and ended as early as July 13.
Bomb terror in Thailand - One Austrian woman injured - Several dead
The Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, Thomas Schnöll, the spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry, said early on Friday morning.
She has some cuts, he says, and was treated in hospital, but has already been able to leave hospital.
She plans to return home at the start of September.
It is currently unclear whether other Austrian citizens have been affected by the other explosions on the holiday island of Phuket or in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumpon.
According to Schnöll, the Foreign Ministry is in constant contact with local authorities as a result.
Hua Hin, located around 200 kilometres south of the capital city, Bangkok, two bombs went off in the nightlife district on Thursday evening.
According to police reports, a Thai woman was killed and around 20 people injured, including the Austrian woman, three Germans, three people from Holland and three Italians.
There were another two explosions early on Friday morning, with another person killed, according to the authorities.
A bomb explosion was also reported in Phuket early in the morning.
Police reports state that a taxi driver was injured in the explosion, which occurred near Patong beach, popular with holidaymakers.
Another bomb exploded in Surat Thani on the country's south-east coast, which led to the death of a civil servant.
According to the authorities, the explosive device was launched from a flower bed on the edge of the coastal police's territory.
Finally, explosions in Phang Nga and Trang on the south-west coast and in Chumphon on the south-east coast caused several casualties.
There is apparently a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin.
"The bomb attacks bear the same signature," said Army General Danai Kritmethavee to journalists early on Friday morning.
"We are assuming that the attacks were coordinated".
It is too early to speculate on possible motives, he says - however, it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
The Thai media also wanted to see a pattern in the attacks that was typical of Islamic separatists in the south of the country.
However, the Thai police issued a statement that the attacks were not connected with the Islamist resistance movement or with global terrorism.
"It is just local sabotage, limited to particular areas and provinces," said a spokesperson in Bangkok.
It is more reasonable to assume that the bombs were set off by opponents of the military junta currently ruling the country.
Over the past few days, the authorities have received notification from the security services about attacks planned in the south of the country - but they do not know when and where exactly the attacks are planned for.
It is still apparently unclear who is behind the attacks.
The police told civil servants across the entire country to increase security around important governmental buildings, along with airports, railway stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and nightlife districts.
Small-scale bombings are a frequent occurrence in Thailand, but they are rarely directed at tourists.
There is a palace in Hua Hin that was used by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej for years.
After the recent bomb explosions, the Austrian Foreign Ministry has issued a recommendation on its homepage that Austrians follow the instructions from the Thai security agencies at all times.
The provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla, along with Preah Vihear and its surroundings, have been issued with a high security alert (security level 3).
After skirmishes between security forces and Muslim sectors of the population, people are advised against all but essential travel to these districts.
The rest of the country is on an increased security alert (security level 2).
The attacks on Thursday and Friday came just a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drawn up by the military junta.
This will give the military large-scale influence even in the years to come.
The Head of the junta, and Prime Minister, Prayut Chan-o-cha said that the bombs were an attempt to create chaos when the country was heading towards stability, an improved economic climate and tourism.
The military junta took power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, and believes that it has led the kingdom back to stability and order.
However, the military has not managed to quell the latent resistance brewing with Muslim rebels in the southern edges of the country.
More than 6,500 people have been killed in the conflict so far.
A little under a year ago, 20 people were killed in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine in Bankok - the majority of whom were foreign tourists.
It was the most bloody attack in the country's recent history.
The Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution has the right-wing "Identitäre Bewegung" movement in its sights.
After several regional authorities had done so, the body charged with protecting the constitution across Germany has also put the group on a watchlist.
"In terms of the "Identitäre Bewegung" movement, we can see clear indicators of efforts against the free, democratic order," said Hans-Georg Maaßen, head of constitutional protection, to the German press agency in Berlin.
Muslim migrants or migrants from the Middle East were vilified in an extremist manner.
That is why we will also be monitoring the movement from henceforth.
The "Identitäre Bewegung" is a group with French roots that has been active in Germany since 2012.
It fights against "multicultural madness", "uncontrolled mass immigration" and "the loss of national identity through foreigners".
Bodies protecting the constitution across nine federal states - Bremen, Bavarian, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - already have the "Identitäre" under observation.
Maaßen said that his authority had worked closely with regional authorities to come to its decision.
"Groups such as the "Identitäre Bewegung" are trying to approach their target group on their level," said the head of constitutional protection.
In general, extremists attempt to speak to them in young people's own language, often with pop music.
Radical Islamists and right-wing extremists both do this.
It's not calm advertisement for the actual matter at hand.
This propaganda is designed to provoke an emotional response in people.
Young people are particularly vulnerable to this.
This is dangerous.
Recently, there have been reports from several federal states pointing out contact between members of the "Identitäre" movement and AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he had no information on this.
In terms of constitutional protection, potential contact of this kind only becomes relevant from a certain point, he says.
It depends on whether the party in question - in this case, the AfD - changes its focus and becomes extremist as a result of particular people who are extremists.
Therefore, the decisive factor is whether these people exert a controlling influence over the party.
This has not been noted.
With regard to the clear increase in right-wing crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said that he would not yet speak of a new right-wing terrorism.
But, over the past few years, we have determined that right-wing terrorist structures can exist.
There was the "Old School Society" group or the "Freitaler Group".
It can absolutely be the case that additional right-wing terrorist groups or small gatherings come to exist, and plan attacks on asylum seekers, refugee shelters, or for other far-right motives.
However, there is no Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of far-right terrorism that we can discern.
The groups that have existed to date have arisen on a regional level or via social networks.
Maaßen expressed concern that many attacks were perpetrated by people who had previously not been involved in the far-right scene.
That is frightening.
Many of those suspected of carrying out the attacks on asylum centers were not viewed as criminals, politically motivated perpetrators or members of the far-right scene.
"This means that many people have committed crimes who previously paid the far-right no heed, who might have been politically indifferent or voted for the CDU, SPD or the Left, who were then radicalised by far-right sensationalism".
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes an Internet sensation
Olympic athletes or world records aren't always the only things to hit the headlines at the Olympic Games.
This is shown by Robel Kiros Habte's brave performance at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
In the Aquatics Centre, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that, sometimes, it was impossible to see him in the televised images.
He just disappeared - no matter how wide a perspective was used.
Habte finally become a viral internet sensation on social networks.
The 24-year-old completed his heat 48 seconds slower than the next-fastest competitor, taking place 59 out of 59.
However, it was his not-quite sporty figure that caught the eye of the international media.
Why was the 24-year-old taking part in the Olympic games?
The Ethiopian was given special permission to take part by the international swimming federation.
This is given out to popularise swimming in underrepresented countries.
Because most athletes from Ethiopia run, Habte wanted to do something different.
Preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte prepared himself for the big race.
The first nicknames were soon doing the rounds.
Some media outlets dubbed him "Robel the whale".
With reference to his "flabby stomach", the British tabloid "The Sun" mocked his "Dad Bod".
His time, almost one minute and five seconds for the 100 metre freestyle, played no part in this.
Comparisons were also made with "Eric the Eel".
At the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's race also drew media attention.
The performance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was unforgettable: he had to swim his 100 metre freestyle heat all on his own.
Moussambani was then greeted by wild cheering.
He was 22 years old at the time, and had learnt to swim eight months before the Olympics - and had never managed such a long distance before the competition began.
A front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
Learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "Los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture" .
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
The salon is set for 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
Attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period Rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea Room.
Advance tickets are required; SAH/SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
An open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
Celebrating L.A.'s Central Library's 90th birthday with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - Theft from the owner of a shop on the Neuen Platz.
According to the police, the 67-year-old woman from Geretsried left her shop around 5.30 p.m. on Monday, and forgot to close a ground-floor window.
When she returned the next morning at around 8.15 a.m. around 250 euros was missing from the till.
There was no trace of the perpetrator.
The shop did not have CCTV.
Trump is not taking the threat of election defeat too seriously
The Republican candidate for the presidency, Donald Trump, spoke out at an election event in Florida.
If things don't work out with the presidential election, Donald Trump already has a plan B in place.
He would go on holiday.
Donald Trump wouldn't really mind if he lost the US presidential election in November: "Either it'll work out, or I'll go on a long, long holiday," the Republican candidate said in an telephone interview with US television channel CNBC.
If he doesn't make it because of political correctness, that's ok, Trump said.
For example, he called US President Barack Obama, and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, the founders of terrorist militia Islamic State (IS).
Within his party, resistance continues to grow.
The postal service gets on board with electric vehicles
Detusche Post's electric truck in action.
Other companies are clearly interested in the vehicle.
The postal service is also planning to sell its StreetScooter electric vehicle.
Soon the company will start retailing the vehicle.
The postal service wants to bring its electric vehicle to the free automotive market from next year.
"We want to start selling it to third parties," a postal service spokesman said on Friday.
For months the company has been examining whether the StreetScooter it developed, which is used to deliver letters and parcels, could be sold to other sectors as well.
Managing Director of the postal service Jürgen Gerdes said that there was always demand from tradesmen.
According to information in "Der Spiegel", a news magazine, the Bonn-based company will soon start mass production of the vehicle.
The company is planning to use its own factories to build up to 10,000 vehicles per year, per level.
Gerdes announced that the company wanted to increase the size of its fleet of electric cars considerably, and that its long-term aim was to switch over completely to these environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will take a very, very strong step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we will switch over the entire fleet.
The StreetScooter has been out and about on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK managing director steps down after disappointing figures
Consumer research firm GfK is replacing its managing director Matthias Hartmann.
His resignation came swiftly - but it was not a complete surprise.
The tricky situation in which market research firm GfK finds itself made it self-evident that Managing Director Matthias Harmann's seat became more and more unstable the longer the success he promised failed to materialise.
Turbulence at the top of Nuremberg's market research firm GfK: After another round of disappointing figures and the resignation of the managing director, the firm, fifth in its sector globally, is on the brink of a personal new start.
GfK's managing director wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
The managing director of GfK's supervisory board, Arno Mahlert, has already announced that he will be leaving the supervisory committee with effect from 12 September.
The company announced that Gerhard Hausruckinger, who is currently a member of the board of directors, will take over the management of the board on 1 September.
Officially, he will take on the role of "board spokesman" until Hartmann's successor has been found.
The company cited "different viewpoints" on long-term business direction as the reason behind the resignation.
A company spokesman did not give further details on Friday.
It is currently not clear who will head up the market research firm in the future.
In investment circles, on Friday it was said that shareholders were greatly disappointed by the lack of success following the restructuring programme implemented years ago.
Mr Hartman has headed up GfK since 2011.
"The benefits of the restructuring programme will only become visible after 5 years," he said.
As a result of GfK's recent poor figures, every shareholder would be a little unsettled, he said.
"If that were the case at BMW, the quants would be too," he said.
After suffering losses in the previous quarters, the company was unable to stop losing money in the second quarter of 2016.
At 361.2 million euros, turnover was 6.1 lower than it had been in the same quarter of the previous year.
Compared to the first six months of the year, turnover (721.2 million euros) had shrunk by 3.4 percent.
The company's reduced value because of the difficult economic climate had impacted second-quarter profits, in particular.
The goodwill amortisation of 139 million euros required for the consumer experience sector was provided by the company, leading to a final loss of 148.2 million euros.
In the second quarter of 2015, GfK had made a profit of 19.7 million.
Incident - Bus slips into a ditch in Krummhörn: eight people injured
On Thursday, an accident involving a coach carrying 43 elderly people in Krummhörn (district of Aurich) led to eight people being injured.
Two of the passengers suffered serious injuries, the police reported.
The 66-year-old bus driver, employed by a coach company based in Eisenach, said that she had to swerve to avoid an oncoming lorry that was partly on the wrong side of the road.
The bus came off the right-hand side of the road, and skidded into a ditch, a spokeswoman for the police force of Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"As a result of the way the bus was positioned, people were not able to leave the bus on their own," she said.
The fire brigade freed the passengers.
Six rescue vehicles and an ambulance were in attendance at the scene of the accident on the no.2 road.
Uninjured passengers were transported back to Krummhörn's Pewsum district by regular bus.
They waited there until a replacement bus was sent by the coach company.
Investigators are asking the lorry driver and any witnesses to make themselves known to the police.
From 1 October 2016, fees per cubic metre of sewage for the area covered by the sewage plant at Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl will be 3.44 euros instead of 2.10 euros as previously, 3.36 euros (previously 2.26 euros) for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp, and 3.64 euros (previously 2.18 euros) for Azendorf.
The sewage fee for the sewage works in Azendorf will be raised again if it is necessary to carry out improvement works.
According to an estimated calculation, sewage fees in Azendorf will then come to 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
As mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, when the district administration of Kulmbach approved the budget, it was determined that these sewage plants were underfunded.
The market town of Kasendorf is legally obliged to run the sewage works so that they break even.
From 1 October 2016, individuals and commercial and industrial enterprises from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig a little deeper.
The fee increases range from 48 to 67 percent.
As administrative director Herbert Schmidt showed the committee, it was necessary to recalculate the fees for the sewage plants serving the market town.
Between October 2016 and September 2020, overfunding and underfunding from the previous calculation period will be balanced out.
Schmidt justifies the major fee increases by saying that all three sewage plants are relatively small and deal with a very small amount of waste, namely between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres a pear.
As a result of the low distribution, expenses for critical repairs amounting to several thousand euros, for example, seem major.
In addition, the amount of sewage arriving at all three plants is gradually decreasing.
Furthermore, the previous calculation period did not include renovation and repair works to a great extent for all three treatment plants, not least because of their age.
The plant in Azendorf is nearly 30 years old, the plants in Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp are almost 20 years old.
Schmidt pointed out that the waste treatment plant at Azendorf needed to have its mechanical ventilation system replaced because of damage.
The conveyor system in the pumping station at Welschenkahl is almost 20 years old, and needs to be completely overhauled; the first clarification pond in the pond treatment plant at Lopp has been operational for almost 20 years and now needs to be dredged, its sewage sludge removed, and an additional ventilation system incorporated to ensure that it will be in line with water law regulations in the future.
Schmidt: "These extraordinary expenses were also coupled with perpetual support and maintenance costs that are to be taken into account in the new calculation period."
The same is true for electricity costs: in the previous calculations for 2011/2012, they are far below their current levels.
Steinhäuser pointed out that, even with a low amount of sewage coming to the three plants, the expenses for running and maintaining them "were significantly impacted".
As a result, Schmidt expanded, the market town had been saved from large maintenance costs for the sewage treatment plants over the past 20 years.
From Steinhäuser's perspective, the plants mentioned will remain in a precarious situation in the long run, especially as the area covered by Friesenbachtal wastewater association cannot be expanded to include these plants because they are running at a deficit.
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
Inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
This is the highest value in years (since June 2012) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0.2% was posted.
The annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
The consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
The inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) has been -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
In July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
Prices decreased in clothing and footwear (2.2%); furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
Prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.
Snapchat "Anime" Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
With its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
You can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
The lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
Any missteps quickly enter the public record.
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
So when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people - "yellowface."
And they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
The news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The Verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
The company offered an explanation: The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
But for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
Others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
In an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was "hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least."
She added that "it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
It shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
And Snapchat's huge audience of younger people - who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts - might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
When one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, "it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before."
On Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for Medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
In an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this," Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, "or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up."
Other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
The company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
On Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
For her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, "I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."
Military Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
Officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
The interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
Central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
"Intelligence products approved by senior Centcom leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U.S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community," a news release about the report said.
"What happened at Centcom is unacceptable - our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers," said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
The leadership failures at Centcom reach to the very top of the organization.
The 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
Although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from Centcom leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events," the report said.
For example, a Centcom official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, this much is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
From the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
The report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
There is an additional, ongoing investigation of Centcom intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
Democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, Centcom created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces," Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
This process, Mr. Schiff said, "stalled the release of intelligence products," hurt morale among analysts and "insufficiently accommodated dissenting views."
But Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure Centcom analysts to fit their conclusions to a "preset or political narrative."
The preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast.
Last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by Centcom analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
But he said that "experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics."
The investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding (an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials).
But last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
The critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a Centcom intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts" objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
Last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic State-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
But the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
U.S. Wins 4th Straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
One day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
Five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
"I have no clue," she said.
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
Here is what she does know: The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
Both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
The first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
However Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
Bam was on that team.
She grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 (her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
She missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
Then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
The next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
"A cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," Bam said.
We didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
We've made a complete turnaround.
On Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
She made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
The shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
She is on a roll.
So is Bam.
"We're in a good place right now," Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
Amid the Fury of the Olympics, the Zen of the Trampoline
Wherever you are, whatever time it is, it is the Olympics.
The events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inescapable, a furious relay of competition and striving.
It is as if the Olympic torch itself were a flaming baton, passed from archer to swimmer to gymnast to triathlete.
You can't turn on a television, read a newspaper or listen in on your neighbor's conversation in a coffee-shop line without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
And then there is Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley, a first-time Olympian and a dimpled heartthrob in the making, may well be among those household names being showcased in prime time, buoyed by sponsorships and feel-good TV commercials, if he were a swimmer, a gymnast or even a fencer.
But Mr. Dooley, 28, of Lake Forest, Calif., is competing for the gold in Olympic trampoline.
The Olympic flame does not illuminate each event equally.
Further from the center, partly in shadow, are those sports not universally acknowledged: air-pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
We will always have the breaststroke, and long may it reign.
But if I may make a modest case for my particular favorite, let me call attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
Though trampoline has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it debuted at the Sydney Games, it has spent the intervening 16 years so barely acknowledged that many I surveyed did not realize it was an Olympic sport at all.
This may be a regional ignorance.
Despite sending athletes to compete, the United States has never won a medal in trampoline and did not have an athlete advance to the finals until 2012.
The Chinese and the Russians tend to split the prizes for the men, and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
Dong Dong of China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada will be defending their London gold medals this year.
But there is an underdog charm to trampoline, in part because it sounds, to the unenlightened ear, fitter for clown college than the Olympics.
Here I should confess that I am no expert, just an earthbound enthusiast.
It does have comic potential - the cartoon quaver of its never-ending bounce - but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, the two sports it essentially combines.
The word "trampoline" derives from the Spanish el trampolín, meaning "diving board."
Aspiring champions jump on a giant trampoline, shooting up to nearly 30 feet in the air, and are called upon to perform a series of tumbling moves (twists, pikes and somersaults) before eventually landing on their feet.
They are judged on execution, difficulty and "flight time," according to the official Olympic program.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
The most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
Medal hopefuls must go farther, faster, up and over, in their quest for gold, sometimes to the finish, other times back and forth up and down the court.
They are chasing not only the finish line or the starting wall but also, in the televised coverage, another taunting line: that of the world, or Olympic, record.
This single-minded pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatic - and it is enough to bring even a spectator to tears.
But it is also what I find slightly exhausting about even watching the Games.
From this, trampoline offers a respite.
The trampoliner's vector is up.
Forward motion is not the goal.
He or she rebounds, seeming weightless as an astronaut, going up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
It is not without competition, of course, nor without difficulty, but for the duration of a routine, there is no frantic charge toward the end, no vaulting into the distance, just the dreamy, graceful suspension of time and gravity.
It is as close to Zen as Olympic competition gets.
The women's qualifiers and then finals will take place on Friday afternoon, streaming at 1 p.m. Eastern time; the men's on Saturday, also at 1.
NBC will air the finals as part of an afternoon block beginning at 2 p.m. on both days.
In the midst of Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, lovely moment, one likely to be overlooked in the general melee.
And if consciousness raising is to be achieved only by offering up male athletes for ogling and objectification - as the United States men's gymnasts recently proposed, according to The Wall Street Journal - Mr. Dooley only awaits his gasping new fan base.
"A Generation Is Protesting" in Ethiopia, Long a U.S. Ally
Violent Protests in Ethiopia
Demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia have been met with violent resistance by the government.
Witnesses say that scores of protesters have been fatally shot during clashes with police.
Is Ethiopia about to crack?
For the last decade, it has been one Africa's most stable nations, a solid Western ally with a fast-growing economy.
But in recent months, anti-government protests have convulsed the country, spreading into more and more areas.
In the last week alone, thousands of people stormed into the streets, demanding fundamental political change.
The government response, according to human rights groups, was ruthless.
Witnesses said that police officers shot and killed scores of unarmed demonstrators.
Videos circulating from protests thought to be from late last year or earlier this year show security officers whipping young people with sticks as they were forced to perform handstands against a wall.
The top United Nations human rights official is now calling for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult holding this country together, and moving forward, it will be even harder," said Rashid Abdi, the Horn of Africa project director for the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the second most populous nation in Africa, after Nigeria, and its stability is cherished by the West.
American military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats across the region, especially in Somalia, and few if any countries in Africa receive as much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy has been expanding at an impressive clip.
Its infrastructure has improved drastically - there is even a new commuter train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
And its streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
Though Ethiopia has hardly been a paragon of democracy - human rights groups have constantly cited the government's repressiveness - opposition within the country had been limited, with dissidents effectively silenced.
Many have been exiled, jailed, killed or driven to the far reaches of the desert.
But that may be changing.
"If you suffocate people and they don't have any other options but to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a university lecturer in central Ethiopia.
The whole youth is protesting.
A generation is protesting.
The complaints are many, covering everything from land use to the governing coalition's stranglehold on power.
After a widely criticized election last year, the governing party and its allies got the last seat the opposition had held and now control 100 percent of the Parliament.
At the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a battle along that jagged, disputed line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
Analysts fear that separatist groups that had been more or less vanquished in recent years, like the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the turbulence and rearm.
Several factors explain why bitter feelings, after years of simmering beneath the surface, are exploding now.
The first is seemingly innocuous: smartphones.
Only in the last couple of years have large numbers of Ethiopians been able to communicate using social media as cheaper smartphones became common and internet service improved.
Even when the government shuts down access to Facebook and Twitter, as it frequently does, especially during protests, many people are still able to communicate via internet proxies that mask where they are.
Several young Ethiopians said this was how they gathered for protests.
Second, there is more solidarity between Oromos and Amharas, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic groups.
Oromos and Amharas are not natural allies.
For eons, Amharas from Ethiopia's predominantly Christian highlands flourished in politics and business, exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslim and live in lowland areas.
But that is changing as well.
"We are on the way to coordinate under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, an Oromo leader.
The biggest protests have been in Amhara and Oromo areas.
Many Amharas and Oromos feel Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which makes up about 6 percent of the population and dominates the military, the intelligence services, commerce and politics.
The third reason behind the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years, until his death from an undisclosed illness in 2012.
He was considered a tactical genius, a man who could see around corners.
Analysts say he was especially adept at detecting early signals of discontent and using emissaries to massage and defang opponents.
"The current regime lacks that ground savvy," Mr. Abdi, the conflict analyst, said.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was plucked from relative obscurity to fill Mr. Meles's shoes.
Unlike Mr. Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam is a southerner.
Analysts say he does not have the trust of the Tigrayan-controlled security services.
The result, many fear, is more bloodshed.
The last time Ethiopia experienced such turmoil was in 2005, after thousands protested over what analysts have said appeared to be an election the government bungled and then stole.
In the ensuing crackdown, many protesters were killed, though fewer than in recent months, and that period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
Development experts have praised Ethiopia's leaders for visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, and measurable strides in fighting poverty.
But clearly that has not stopped the internal resentment of Ethiopia's government from intensifying.
And it is taking a dangerous ethnic shape.
Last month, protesters in Gondar, an Amhara town, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and anti-Tigrayan hatred is becoming more common in social media.
Analysts say the protests are putting the United States and other Western allies in an awkward position.
The American government has used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, though it recently said it closed that base.
While the West clearly wants to support democracy, it also does not want its ally in an already volatile region to crumble.
"That," Mr. Abdi said, "is a very tight rope to walk."
Donald Trump Explains His Obama-Founded-ISIS Claim as "Sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to quash the latest controversy engulfing his campaign on Friday by claiming that he was not serious when he insisted several times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group.
The clarification raised new questions about the Republican presidential nominee's ability to communicate clearly to the American public.
It also put his surrogates, who have strained to defend him during a tumultuous stretch, in the awkward position of having to explain remarks that he might not mean.
After making the suggestion at a rally on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump doubled down on the assertion on Thursday, insisting in interviews that he really did intend to say that the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
But in an early-morning Twitter post on Friday, Mr. Trump said that he was just being sarcastic.
The post was a reversal from just a day ago, when Mr. Trump said in a number of interviews that he was indeed serious about the charge.
When the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Mr. Trump soften the remark by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential nominee would not have it.
The latest firestorm comes as Mr. Trump has been trying to refocus his campaign on the economy amid declining poll numbers.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton gave dueling economic speeches in Michigan this week.
On Friday, Mr. Trump tried again to return to that subject.
Taking again to Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would come with higher taxes and he said that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has used the sarcasm defense before.
In late July, after he drew widespread criticism by appearing to suggest that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, he later explained his remarks by saying, "Of course I'm being sarcastic."
The approach allows Mr. Trump to push the limits of political speech and dial it back as needed.
"I think it's a pattern of him testing certain messages that resonate with his fans, seeing how they play, and then "clarifying" one way or another depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who has been monitoring the language used by both candidates.
But I also think he's clever about his statements and knows they are vague enough to be filtered through various lenses.
Instead of toning things down for a general election audience, Mr. Trump has taken an even more caustic tone in recent days as his poll numbers have continued to tumble.
A new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released on Friday showed Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by large margins in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and locked in a tight race in Florida.
While Mr. Trump generally tries to avoid apologizing for provocative things that he says, he often accuses his critics of misconstruing his words or misunderstanding his sense of humor.
But as he faces heightened scrutiny during the final months of the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have put his loyal allies in the uncomfortable position of having to publicly stand up for him no matter how provocative his remarks.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who is one of Mr. Trump's most prominent surrogates, went to great lengths to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he's saying there is legitimate, political commentary," Mr. Giuliani said when questioned about the veracity of Mr. Trump's assertion about Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton having founded the Islamic State.
It is true in a sense that before Obama, ISIS was an almost unknown, small little organization, he who called it the jayvee, totally wrong, and here's why it happened, because he withdrew the troops from Iraq.
Most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the Obama administration, in which Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed ISIS to fester by failing to aggressively manage the situation in the Middle East.
Ahead of rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued to lash out on Twitter at the news media for harping on his every word and for being biased against him.
He mocked the "poor, pathetic" television pundits who try to figure him out and said, "They can't!"
Some Democrats scoffed at Mr. Trump's excuse as more evidence that he is unfit to be president.
Once Priced Out, a Cafe Returns in Greenpoint
Verb Cafe was a shabby, cash-only space in Williamsburg that had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
Naturally, it got priced out of its Bedford Avenue storefront.
The store that replaced the Verb in the summer of 2014, Soap Cherie, sells soaps in the shape of cupcakes.
Locals bemoaned it as the latest loss in a gentrifying city.
The artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "New York is change, I know, but still, can't believe CBGB's is dead and the Chelsea Hotel is gutted and Verb is now a soap shop."
But if New York is change, it is also reinvention.
A revived Verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original location.
The new Verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards but has some of the same employees and a similar unpretentious vibe.
The coffee is still good, too.
Leading the new Verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee at the old cafe who is an owner and the general manager at the new place.
He started at Verb in 2001 and was there until the end.
When a customer offered to bankroll him in a new outpost, he said he was excited to do it.
Mr. Rodriguez, 36, kept a lot of things the same.
Verb uses the same distributor for the bagels and bought the same model of espresso machine.
It even reused the lights from the old Verb.
But Mr. Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
He introduced new ingredients.
Bacon-egg-and-cheese sandwiches are on the menu, and toppings like capers and sautéed onions are available.
There are brown-rice bowls.
The cafe no longer serves beer but now makes fresh juices.
Nine months in, Mr. Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regulars.
"A lot of former customers got priced out of Williamsburg too," he said.
On a recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Ms. Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and went to Verb frequently.
Even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would still make the trek.
After Verb closed, she said, she gave up drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized it was the coffee and the culture at Verb that I liked," she said.
Now she's back on coffee, although that day, instead of her usual iced coffee, she went with a blended chai drink, another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime customer, went faithfully to Verb starting in 2003.
He'd go before work and order the same thing without fail.
"Quarter past seven, every day, like clockwork, I'd come in and they were making my everything bagel with butter," he said.
Photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and introduced new ingredients to the menu.
These days, Mr. Rosenthal still gets his regular order, but sometimes he'll switch things up with the bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel.
Mr. Rodriguez said he had no hard feelings about the soap shop taking over the old space.
In fact, the Soap Cherie owners offered to make special soap for Verb, using the cafe's cold-brewed coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we still might take them up on it," Mr. Rodriguez said.
And Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents have embraced the cafe as well.
One of these new customers translated the menu into Polish, and Mr. Rodriguez said he planned to find a spot to display it soon to make his new neighbors feel welcome.
The new location has other perks.
A local juice spot wants to bottle and sell the cold-brewed coffee.
There is a chance the cafe will expand into an adjacent building.
For many customers, a new Verb to get their old favorites is enough.
Joseph Whitt was a regular and said he was heartbroken when they closed.
When the new space opened, Mr. Whitt said, walking in and getting a coffee felt like a homecoming.
"I've needed to smell that," he said.
The Depressing Food of the Depression, in "A Square Meal"
In March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
A gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
His menu that day was more humble: deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.
Her husband, Andrew Coe, added, "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
The couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
Mr. Coe's last book, "Chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book "97 Orchard."
Their new, collaborative work, "A Square Meal," which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
Showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's Sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. Coe, 57, had the turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
When a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
"Loaves were very popular," Ms. Ziegelman said.
There was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
They were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
Imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
Mr. Coe grimaced.
"It must have sat in your stomach like lead," he said.
In the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
Teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
It was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. "A Square Meal" chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
"This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people," Mr. Coe said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
Equally fraught was the new budget diet: Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a "wonderful way to repurpose leftovers," Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
Fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
Meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
Strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
In researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition to the dinner table," Mr. Coe said.
Ms. Ziegelman amplified: "It was surreal."
Peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.
It was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
As never before or since, home economists - among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits.
Publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budgeteers" and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
"A Square Meal" is a feast of historical tidbits.
Especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
While he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
"He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce," Mr. Coe said.
He ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
He was fabulously out of touch.
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
As the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that "put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared."
Many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
The legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
The couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother - how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
"She had a real fear of food waste," Mr. Coe said.
Ms. Ziegelman recalled: "She actually got people sick."
There was the cream-puff incident.
After the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. Coe pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home: the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called prune whip," Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
There was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
Everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
Surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
Mr. Coe went back for seconds, and thirds.
Sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, "Some chopped walnuts would help."
Killed in a bomb attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
He put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
He was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the Syrian people.
He risked everything to save other people's lives.
Now the 30-year-old has been killed in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets", a civil protection group which, according to Bild newspaper, had saved the lives of 60,000 people.
2,900 volunteers put their own lives at risk to pull people from bombed-out houses and perform first-aid in the war zone.
They are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civil protection volunteer showing him during an 11-hour operation to rescue an infant from the ruins of a house went viral in 2014.
It made the Syrian a glowing figurehead amidst the horror of the war.
However, he never saw himself as a hero, saying, according to Bild: "For me, this is the real jihad."
"If I were to die saving lives, I would think that God saw me as a martyr."
Shortly before Omar himself became a victim of an attack, he had spoken in a video about the recent bomb attacks on Syria.
Helicopters had released four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one of which was filled with chlorine gas.
One woman and two children were killed, and seven people have been left with breathing difficulties.
"We are now clearing away the toxic remains of the bomb so that children don't play with it," quoted Bild as his last words before he died.
The fatal bomb dropped by the Assad regime was supposed to have been aimed at terrorists.
The Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
It's a rare sight.
Greenland sharks generally only come to the surface in winter.
After being examined on board the research ship "Sanna", this shark was returned to the sea.
It was born in 1624 and has swum through the North Atlantic at 1km/h right through to the present day.
Greenland sharks only give birth to young at the age of 150.
Greenland sharks swim leisurely along the sea floor of the North Atlantic, covering an average of 1,220 metres in an hour.
The five-metre-long animal can ramp this up to 2.6 km/h if necessary - but this maximum speed is half as fast as a seal.
However, this slow pace of life seems to be the key to a long life.
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues wrote an article in "Science", the specialist journal, about a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"It's crazy," says Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock about this lifespan - which is a world record for a vertebrate.
It is true that evolutionary biologists had long thought that Greenland sharks had been around for a very long time.
They were simply lacking the proof.
It is hard to observe Greenland sharks, namely because they mainly live in the ocean off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Svalbard.
They generally only come to the surface in winter because they prefer water temperatures of around six degrees Celsius.
As a result, researchers know little about how Greenland sharks live.
Their slow speed was measured by researchers off Svalbard, who fitted six animals with a tracker.
However, these sharks still manage to catch prey: In one animal's stomach, researchers found the remains of a seal; another shark had gobbled down the jawbone of a young polar bear.
It may be the case that they hunt down sleeping animals, or patrol on the ocean floor and look out for corpses that have sunk downwards from higher levels of water.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues have now examined 28 Greenland sharks caught in the depths of the North Atlantic by fishermen between 2010 and 2013 off the coast of Greenland or Svalbard.
The smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest measured 502 centimetres.
They use carbon-14 dating on the shark's lens core to determine the shark's age.
This core of the eye's lens comes into being even before the shark is born, and the proteins in it are not renewed subsequently.
The two smallest sharks had remarkably high levels of carbon-14 in their lens cores.
Consequently, they were likely born after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons experiments released large amounts of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
By contrast, the lens cores of third-smallest animal, at 220 centimetres long, contained less of a surplus of carbon-14 from nuclear weapons experiments - so when it was examined in 2012, it must have already had its 50th birthday.
By contrast, all the larger Greenland sharks had normal levels of carbon-14 in their lens cores, which comes from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
In fact, the carbon-14 monitor gave a 493-centimetre-long Greenland shark an age of 335, while the record-holding shark, at 502 centimetres, was apparently 392 years old.
It was already known that female Greenland sharks first had offspring when they were more than four metres long.
Now researchers have been able to map this length onto an age.
As one of the animals, 392 centimetres long, was likely on the threshold of sexual maturity, and had an age of 156, it seems that Greenland sharks take at least 150 years to be able to reproduce.
This is also a world record for vertebrates.
It is not by chance that such Methuselahs predominantly live in icy waters.
The previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose neck a 120-year-old harpoon tip was lodged, was caught off Alaska.
As a result of low temperatures, the systems of the animals living there often run on as little energy as possible.
This means they mature later - and age slower.
The animals often become particularly large so they stay warm in cold waters.
This is because their volume increases much quicker than their surface area, through which the animal radiates heat.
This means that the heat lost per gram of a mouse is much bigger than that lost per gram of an elephant.
Another advantage is that they have fewer enemies.
"This means that a smaller animal has a more dangerous life, and has to focus on having as many offspring as quickly as possible," explains Scheuerlein, an evolutionary biologist.
By contrast, a very large animal can invest its resources in having a longer life.
Construction sites coming as a twinpack
The commune's council focused on construction-related topics in its most recent session.
The committee was pleased to hear mayor Robert Putz' announcement that "we can finally begin to market the residential construction sites that have recently been marked out".
After plot, parcelling and accessibility questions had been answered, and applications for measurements had been made, there was nothing standing in the way of the sale of the plots in the residential areas of "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (near Binderstraße - development section 1) to interested parties.
The communal council is convinced that the construction sites in the rural, peaceful residential commune of Schönau will attract young families and older people alike.
As said, people prepared to build on these sites should apply in the town hall from now, and the communal council will probably discuss giving out the plots in its September meeting.
So that it would be able to answer questions on the movement of additional businesses, in connection with the creation of jobs, the communal council decided to amend the space usage plan first re-drawn in spring of this year.
Consequently, the business area already marked out in Unterzeitlarn will be expanded to include a further two plots near state road 2112.
Frankfurt will benefit from Brexit
The city on the river Main will soon have the best chance against the competition of Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg to draw jobs and companies away from London.
"It is highly likely that Frankfurt will benefit the most from the Brexit vote," said Michael Voigtländer, Head of IW's Financial Markets and Real Estate specialist area.
After the Brexit referendum it is unclear whether financial institutions will still be allowed to run European financial business from London.
Registration in the UK is all that has been required to date for the "EU passport".
This is generally used by large US banks.
Several banks have already announced that they will relocate jobs.
The "Frankfurt Main Finance" lobbying group expects to see 10,000 new jobs on the river Main within five years.
According to the IW, the European Central Bank (ECB)'s headquarters, responsibility for monetary policy and supervision over the largest banks in the eurozone, all come together to represent a real plus for Frankfurt, along with further important authorities, such as EIOPA, Europe's insurance regulator, and ESRB, the risk board.
While Paris has the headquarters of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), this is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"The proximity to the central bank is important for banks - they can communicate directly with the authorities," says IW's Professor Voigtländer.
While Luxembourg is home to a large funds industry, like Dublin, its infrastructure lets it down.
Thanks to its large airport, Frankfurt is considerably easier to get to.
In addition, the city's easily available business properties are a win.
"In Paris it's not all that easy to find vacant high-quality offices," said Voigtländer.
Rents for top-class business properties are 50% higher on the banks of the Seine than on the banks of the Main.
In addition, Frankfurt can offer better quality of life than its competitors, thanks to its good medical systems and infrastructure, and low crime levels.
In a table compiled by management consultants Mercer, the city was ranked 7th, Luxembourg 19th, Dublin 33rd and Paris 37 th.
And even if quality of life is a matter of preference: "Thanks to its already strong position as a financial hub for the European domestic market, Frankfurt could be able to attract additional banks and investors," IW concluded.
Despite the Brexit vote, London will remain Europe's financial capital, according to the economic researchers.
This is also to do with strength ratios: According to figures from regional bank Helaba, around 144,000 people worked in banking in London in 2015 - compared to 62,500 in Frankfurt.
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U.S. district judge has ruled.
In June, Gilead was freed from paying up $200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
In a filing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
The case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
U.S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
U.S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
Syria Democratic Forces (SDF) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
They had freed over 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
"The city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations," he told Reuters.
Clintons earned $10.75 million in 2015, paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $10.75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
In 2015, the Clintons made $1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton Foundation; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $5.3 million in speaking fees; and the former secretary of state reported income of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
They paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3 percent in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
In stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
It is customary for U.S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
"Your move," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
On Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
On Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns," she told the crowd.
Politico has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
At a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
Buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is "afraid" not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
The Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
The Clintons' 2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $100 of their income came from wages.
Their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $109,000.
Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Chilli-powder condoms, firecrackers boost Tanzania elephant protection
Conservationists in Tanzania are using an unorthodox way of keeping elephants from wandering into human settlements - by throwing condoms filled with chilli powder at them.
The method has proved effective and Honeyguide Foundation, which hit upon the idea several years ago, with U.S.-based Nature Conservancy has stepped up its promotion, training volunteers in villages in north Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step way of protecting their homes and crops without hurting the animals.
Previously many used spears to defend themselves.
Friday is World Elephant Day, which is dedicated to the protection of the animals.
"Since we developed the ... toolkit, we have seen an attitude change within these communities whereby they are much more confident that they can keep elephants out of their fields without harming the elephants," Honeyguide executive director Damian Bell said in a statement.
The first two steps involve shining a torch at the trespassing elephant and sounding a horn.
If it is not deterred, a so-called "chilli cloud" is thrown.
Chilli powder mixed with soil is packed with a firecracker into a condom, its end is twisted shut with just the fuse exposed.
When lit, the condom bursts open with a bang, spraying a fine dust of chilli powder into the air.
One whiff is usually enough to send an elephant the other way.
A last resort is a launcher that shoots a Roman candle firework into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
Municipal council reaches unanimous decision: No new kiosk to be built on the St. Goarer bank of the Rhine
Normally the people of St. Goarer are happy to accept investment from businesses - but retail in the core of the city is clearly capable of developing itself.
The municipal has now unanimously rejected the application to build a new retail kiosk on the bank of the river Rhine close to the Rhine balcony currently under construction.
"We are generally happy to welcome new businesses, but this kiosk does not fit in this exposed position on the bank of the Rhine," explained Michael Hubrath on behalf of the CDU faction.
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab "request" - RT News
A French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing "requests" from Arabic customers.
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary "Shoah," vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
During his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
The country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
How is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated?
Lanzmann wrote.
Instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
Seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
The answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote "shocked him."
The hotel's clerk said that the measure was "a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels."
The reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
"The majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted," the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a "great shame," Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
We were appalled and shocked by the incident.
It is in itself a great shame.
The fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
That needs no explanation.
We expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions," the official said.
The incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
Some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply "caved in" to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
"Shame on you," another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
The hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
"There was never a direct order" not to include Israel in the fast dial list," Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
It adds that the code was now added.
Police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
Students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
Police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
The trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
Several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
Under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
Some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
This latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
Trade between Russia & Iran surges 71% - RT Business
With the lifting of sanctions, trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran has grown 70.9 percent in year-on-year terms, according to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan.
Since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there has been a surge in interest from Russian firms in doing business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are resuming existing ties with Iran, while new firms are ready to get access to the market.
Of course, the further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of the bilateral cooperation with Iran," Dzhagaryan said.
He noted that in the first five months of 2016 the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period of 2015 and amounted to $856 million.
In particular, Russian exports to Iran jumped by 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $158 million.
The boost in trade was achieved by supplies of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons," the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan is also expecting a record number of Iranian tourists to visit Russia this year.
Last year, the Russian diplomatic mission in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly travel, to Iranian citizens.
In addition, for the first time Iran entered the top 20 countries by number of tourists visiting Russia.
It's safe to say that last year's record number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be broken," he said.
At the same time, relatively few Russians are visiting Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I can personally recommend to visit the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd that have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition," he said.
Witnesses wanted: drinks cash-and-carry in Waldbröl raided
A robbery took place on Thursday evening in the drinks cash-and-carry of Rewe XXL on Walbröl's Gerberstraße.
Three people dressed in dark clothing and with their faces covered brandished a gun and demanded that staff at the cash-and-carry hand over cash. They made a run for it on foot, and then probably got into a silver VW Golf.
The police did not report how much money had been stolen.
Between 1.6 and 1.7 m tall, the perpetrators were relatively short.
The drinks cash-and-carry can be accessed directly from the Rewe supermarket's car park, and is tricky to observe.
After the robbery, the perpetrators must have run towards Gerberstraße along Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, and then fled, possibly towards the B 256 (Schladern ring road) in the silver car from the Schotterparkplatz opposite the entrance to the multi-storey car park.
Anyone who saw anything around the time of the crime (around 7.45 p.m.) that is connected with the robbery should contact the police immediately.
Nagold: Fun and games at the summer fete
Children and young people from the youth work day group/social group work project from the child protection league of Nagold spent eight gloriously happy days with their social workers during the summer camp in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
The lively group spent the first week of the school holidays in the peacefully-located Hartwäldle holiday camp.
There were several day trips on the agenda.
One trip saw the group head to Bretten to visit the petting zoo.
Another saw them visit Maulbronn, where there was a special children's tour around the world-famous cloisters.
The third trip took the group to Pforzheim.
The group learnt lots about how the Celts lived and what they ate in the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf.
On warm dates, the group cooled off at the Tiefensee lake in Maulbronn: perfect for jumping into, swimming around in, and paddling.
Children and carers cooked their own favourite meals, such as mini German spätzle dumplings in a sour sauce, traditional Seebronner Pfännle and Iselshauser Bloff, English breakfast, and Tübingen-style bolognese.
During workshops, children could practise baktik, make beautiful jewellery with pearls and stones, or create a Roman windmill game from wood.
Other highlights of the summer camp included fishing in a nearby pond, spending the evenings around a campfire, and the concluding "Gala Night".
When it came to go home, the sun was shining, and the children and young people headed home happy.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims at the gates of mercy
The ministrants from the chaplaincy of Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna went on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
They covered four stages together.
The committee of upper ministrants for St. Anna had decided to prepare for and go on a pilgrimage lasting several days to bridge the gap to the next pilgrimage to Rome for all ministrants, likely to take place in two years' time.
Various pilgrimage sites were discussed, and a decision was finally made to go to the bishop's city of Freiburg, where, to mark the holy year of mercy, this year the gates of mercy opened for this at Freiburg cathedral are a particular pilgrimage site.
16 children from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern set off.
On the previous evening, Father Storost set the pilgrims off with a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the pilgrims' cross and the pilgrims.
They took the train from Horb to the starting point of Villingen, where the Cathedral of Our Lady is found. They started their pilgrimage from the cathedral.
The individual day trips were framed by brief moments every morning and evening with various prayers, songs and written texts.
Even when they were out and about, the children took breaks at wayside crosses, chapels or churches to sing a song from the pilgrims' songbook they had put together themselves.
The rectory of each parish they reached was available for them to stay in overnight.
At each stage, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller were responsible for creating a delicious, nourishing dinner and breakfast.
The second day saw them head towards Gütenbach, via Furtwangen.
The next day, they set off on the section towards St. Peter, the most demanding section, seeing them climb around 500 metres in altitude in sweltering heat, and then descend again.
They earned the reward of barbecueing together by the swimming pond.
After the morning session on the fourth day of the pilgrimage in the impressive cloisters of St. Peter, they started off on the final stage to Freiburg.
The children gathered together in Freiburg Cathedral late in the afternoon, visibly relieved and happy, and passed through the gates of mercy.
A brief moment was taken to thank God.
The evening mass in the cathedral saw the children who had arrived at the pilgrimage site welcomed by Chaplain Markus Obert.
After the service, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristry and the high altar.
The next day, there was time to look around the city, located in the region of Breisgau.
In the afternoon they took the train back to Horb.
At the end, all the participants agreed that the trip was characterised by spirituality and a strong sense of camaraderie.
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
The Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
And they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
The issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
They did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
And the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
A change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
The 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
We set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
It was just incredible.
There's no better way to win it.
After triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
He later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
There was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
Hindes said: "It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand."
We all as a team came together in the last three months.
We've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
That is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
If that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
With the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
That would see Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March (that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
That would be the same as Hoy's.
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
The 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this one for now.
The team event is always the best.
You get to win it with your mates.
It's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
Hindes said: "If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood."
It was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
They finished in 3:51.943.
The world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3:51.659.
The first round and final (10.42pm) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
He had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
In the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4:13.260.
Team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
After truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
There have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
However, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
The future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
The move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
A 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
Up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
As many as 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk with any closure.
And there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
In 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
The moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
The plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue," it said.
AGL said the contracts are so-called 'hedging contracts' which were due to take effect from November 2016.
The contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
"As such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17," the power company said.
Any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $187 million in "anticipation of a termination event."
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter."
The US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
Analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
Addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
If both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
And as a generator that wouldn't be good for us," he said.
Not just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall's on the cover of September's Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of mother-manager Kris's Kardashian-Jenner clan, is on the cover of US Vogue's coveted September issue.
Kendall, who is an Estee Lauder brand ambassador and has walked in Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"In a room with a bunch of people I love, looking at this cover made me cry," Kendall wrote.
The cover revelation was followed by a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians-esque?), scripted reality video that featured the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (bar troublemakers Rob and Caitlyn, and joined by everyone's favourite showbiz uncle, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) forgetting about their sister's cover, only to end with the classic twist: they were all planning a surprise party.
It's the cliche plot line of nearly every "birthday" episode of a children's television show (Seacrest delivers the line, "You thought we forgot about you?," with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit in an 8am timeslot), but Kris had to get her other girls in on this publicity somehow.
Because, with a spot on Vogue's September issue, we have surely entered a new era of Kardashian.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her to the cover of Vogue (she shared it with husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the magazine's September cover is a league unto itself.
The September Issue is Vogue's highest selling edition of the year.
With a thickness more closely resembling a coffee table book than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista counted 615 of last year's 832-page tome as advertising content).
The revelation of its cover star is so hotly anticipated that, in the past two years, pictures of the magazine have been leaked before the official announcement.
Previous women to feature on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
In recent years, the cover has certainly featured more "celebrities who model" than "models who are celebrities."
Oscar winner and Dior ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was featured in 2013, the year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
But, even on the off-chance that Ms Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "breakout model" of her generation - falls into the former category, she is in pretty good company.
These celebrities are not relatives of famous people, or reality stars, or kids these days who know how to make a good Snapchat video (although Jenner is all of these things).
They are legitimately talented women, excelling in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on last year's cover, has had one of the strongest years of her career with the release of Lemonade.
Of course, not everyone is pleased about Jenner's success.
With her reality television history, Jenner's position within the fashion world was always going to be fraught.
In June, original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticised Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them the "bitches of the moment."
This sentiment has boiled up again with the news of Jenner's Vogue cover appearance.
But dwelling on the discontent seems beside the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September Issue of Vogue.
She is a supermodel, in the purest sense of the word.
She's walking for Marc Jacobs.
She's selling you Estee Lauder foundation.
She, and all of her sisters, are selling you pictures of themselves on their respective paywalled apps.
She's selling pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter she photographed to LOVE magazine.
And, in her downtime, possibly just as a way still to see sister Kourtney and her kids, she's on reality television.
Community legal centres turn away 160,000 people a year
More than 160,000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
In Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like - are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
Community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
From June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
Director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need," he said.
People leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked - all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
The federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
We call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
Last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
It's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
New York: Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
The incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising "this was not going to happen."
The director, Earl Phillip, "produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap," Bordini said in the complaint.
After complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
"Guns don't have to fire to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.
The suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" -- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts -- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
Attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
A call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
The case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: Poll ahead of regional elections: SPD and CDU lose out
Ahead of the elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September), considerable losses are looming for the governing parties of the SPD and the CDU.
These are the findings of a representative poll carried out by INSA, a polling institute, on behalf of "Bild" newspaper.
While the red-black ruling coalition in the north might just be able to continue in office, this will not be possible in Berlin, according to the poll.
However, the SPD was the strongest party in both states, with good chances of putting forward the head of the government.
In Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD plummeted from 35.6 percent to 24 percent in five years.
According to the poll, this puts the party only slightly above the CDU, who had 23 percent.
The Left and the AfD will fight over third place.
The Left had 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), and, with 19 percent, the AfD could be in the regional parliament for the first time.
Despite small losses (from 8.7 percent to 6 percent), the Greens will return to Schwerin's regional parliament.
The NPD and the FPD, with 3 percent each, will not be represented in the regional parliament.
According to the poll, the SPD would only receive 23 percent in Berlin's elections to the House of Representatives (2011 elections: 28.3 percent).
The CDU would only take 18 percent, after having taken 23.4 percent.
This would put them behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent), but ahead of the Left, with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
The AfD would be represented in the House for the first time, with 14 percent.
With 5 percent, the FPD could hope to return, but the Pirates, by contrast, would miss out - unlike in 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
Email and the Internet in slow motion: The Nokia Communicator was brought to market 20 years ago.
Its successors have now conquered the world - but its manufacturer is in the midst of a disaster.
The device weighed almost half a kilogram, and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
It was thicker and larger, and harder to hold.
Indeed, it was quite bulky.
The in-built storage originally held eight megabytes - enough today for around two high-resolution selfies.
Now, an iPhone holds at least 16 gigabytes.
The "Nokia 9000 Communicator" was released for sale exactly 20 years ago, on 15 August 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
The device is still available online for fans to buy for a couple of euros, even though it comes from the stone age of the Internet.
However, 20 years ago, the Communicator sparked a sensation.
The Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had presented the product a couple of months previously at the Cebit computer trade fair in Hanover, billing it as "the office you can fit in your pocket".
The new mobile phone could really do a lot by standards back then: it could send and receive SMS messages and emails, and could even be contacted by fax.
You could even access websites via a HTML browser, even though it was painfully slow.
There was a calculator, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
There was a small antenna, and the phone could be folded open like a laptop.
This revealed a small keyboard and a black and white screen.
The price was fairly high: 2700 deutschmarks, around 1400 euros.
In 2015, the average sale price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros.
In August 1996, nobody had any idea that the Communicator heralded the start of the smartphone era.
Today, everything has changed.
Smartphones are a success story - even if the same cannot be said for Nokia.
The mobile phone branch of the Finnish company experienced an unprecedented disaster, and was eventually sold to Microsoft and wound up.
Today the market is dominated by providers who came to the game much later than Nokia.
For many people today, being online all day, no matter where you are, is simply a fact of life.
In 2015, there were around two billion smartphone users around the world.
Around 1.4 billion devices were sold, and Samsung and Apple alone make up 555 million of them.
Global sales of the devices amount to around 400 billion euros.
This is in addition to the flourishing businesses of innumerable app providers and telecommunications firms.
An entire industry has now sprung up around smartphones.
The decisive moment when the mass market was broken into was only at the start of 2007, when the Apple CEO at the time, Steve Jobs, announced the introduction of the iPhone at Mac World.
He promised three devices in one: a music player, a telephone and an internet communicator - and everything could be accessed easily via touchscreen.
Apple's triumphant march began, and the iPhone is still the company's most important product today.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who used to dominate the market, lost out.
They eventually disappeared, and Blackberry had to fight for its existence.
Apple, and Asian providers such as Samsung, now hold sway.
20 years after their invention, smartphones are a fact of life.
Nowadays, every German looks at their phone an average of 88 times a day.
"We all need to learn to put our phones down from time to time," said Janina Kugel, Siemens HR Director.
Being permanently contactable has become a blessing and a curse.
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
For me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
The Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End.
And, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
For our local communities alone we'll create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
Just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.
The doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
There are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
Like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
Expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
We have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5 - voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
Now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
The London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
It is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "cat-and-mouse game" over ad blocking
For companies that make money from online advertising, attempts to circumvent ad-blocking software amount to a "cat-and-mouse game," according to one of the companies that makes that software.
On Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would be blocking ad blockers on its desktop site, Adblock Plus published a blog post saying that users could update their filters in its program to block ads on the social network once again.
On Tuesday, Facebook said that its desktop website would change the coding around its ads in order to make it more difficult for ad blockers to detect which parts of a page are ads.
But Adblock now says it has gotten around the new codes.
In a blog post, Adblock spokesperson Ben Williams wrote that "this sort of back-and-forth battle between the open source ad-blocking community and circumventers has been going on since ad blocking was invented," and that it is possible Facebook would come up with its own fix soon.
The fact that the world's largest social media company has entered the fight is a strong indication of just how big a concern ad blockers have become for the industry.
Globally, roughly 200 million people use ad blockers, according to a study last year from Pagefair and Adobe; nearly quadruple the number who used such software in 2013.
With 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 per cent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
The company is going after ad blockers on desktop however, because mobile ad blockers are not effective in Facebook's mobile apps for the social network and Instagram, a spokesperson said.
Desktop ads still account for enough revenue that Facebook judged such a move to be worth the investment.
Also on Tuesday, Facebook said it would be updating its "ad preferences" tool to give people more control over how ads are targeted to them.
On Thursday Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were concerning because they would also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This isn't a good experience for people and we plan to address the issue," a Facebook spokesperson said in an e-mailed statement.
Ad blockers are a blunt instrument, which is why we've instead focused on building tools like Ad Preferences to put control in people's hands.
Woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
The victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
The incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
A woman lay down in the dark on the road "in a desperate act" and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
Clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
She died at the scene.
Several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
A criminal investigation has been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
However it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
Was it possible to avoid impact?
That's what the prosecutor must determine," said Hofstetter.
Two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
In each case - both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark - it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
Last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
The 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
The court found that the policewoman -- who was responding to an emergency call -- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a "completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
Anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
Scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus' past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
The model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted Earth-like conditions.
Scientists have previously suggested that Venus' slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
But the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, Earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
The model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
The planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
Early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
"In the GISS model's simulation, Venus' slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
This warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
The result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
The model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
Though likely once habitable, Venus was -- over the course of several billion years -- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
Its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
As its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect -- thus, the Venus we know today.
Researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado Avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
Colorado executive vice president/general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
"For the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado Avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
To achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
He must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
These conditions are not currently met.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
We appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the Avalanche in 2013-14.
He guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
The Avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
A Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the Avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
Labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
Strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute," a joint statement read.
We will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
The labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
Wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
The company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
The company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
Energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
The North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
"In the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few," he said in a statement.
Less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $7 billion in the past five years.
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
The latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
The new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's Infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
The Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.
Many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
They're spinning as fast as they ever will.
At their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
As these winds travel across the stars' magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
As a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots -- like sunspots.
The latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
"In the 'ballet' of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars," said Rebull.
Because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
"The Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
We still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their 'dance shoes,' so to speak.
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
A controversial baseball star steps down
Alex Rodriguez' tears ran quicker than the US baseball star had run from base to base, in better days.
After his emotional announcement of retirement, the 41-year-old pro will wear his New York Yankees jersey for the last time on 12 August, against the Tampa Bay Rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I'm saying goodbye to both of them," the 14-time All Star Major League Baseball (MLB) player explained.
Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league three times, and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
He signed a ten-year contract, which has brought him 27 million US dollars every year since 2007.
Until the end of the contract on 31 December 2017, he will work as a consultant and a youth coach - on full pay.
Rodriguez paid this back in terms of playing performance long ago.
With 696 home runs, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his team ("runs"), for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005, the Yankees, he has reached rather a few milestones.
Along with Hall of Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, there are only two other baseball players who can boast similar key statistics.
However, the 41-year-old cannot be welcomed into the baseball Hall of Fame.
Because no matter how successful Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the pitch, his behaviour off the pitch was just as controversial.
As far back as 2009 the superstar told ESPN that he had taken banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
In August 2013 he was banned for 211 games until the end of 2014 for his involvement in the "biogenesis scandal".
Rodriguez was the main suspect accused of having received performance enhancing drugs via an anti-ageing clinic in Florida over a period of years.
After a legal battle, the ban was reduced to 162 matches.
"The league might even have done me a favour in 2014 - I'd played for 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said, summing things up.
Even his final days didn't go off without a bang.
While many baseball legends take to the great stage over their last few games, Rodriguez had to sit on the sidelines.
"My job isn't about a retirement tour."
"My job is about trying to win every game," stated Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
Nevertheless, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and who has been rumoured to have been linked to pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, had the support of the fans of Yankees' arch rivals, Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the fans sang as they were defeated 4:9 by Rodriguez' team.
2016 Olympics: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are the first doping cases
Busted: After a sample tested positive for doping, weightlifter Adrian Zielinksi from Poland is not allowed to compete in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - the 2016 Olympic Games have been overshadowed by the first official cases of doping.
One now-banned athlete had almost won a medal.
The first official doping cases of the Rio Olympic Games were announced ahead of the seventh day of the competition.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-meter hurdler Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski tested positive in Brazil, and have been excluded. Just before the start of the athletics competition, which has not escaped criticism, this news comes at a bad time.
The Sunday before, Chen had revealed the presence of the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, which is used to mask drugs.
The international sport tribunal CAS confirmed on Friday afternoon local time that she had been banned from the Olympic Games.
On Sunday, the 18-year-old had taken fourth place in the 100m Butterfly final - missing out on a bronze medal by just 0.09 seconds.
Chen was supposed to have taken part in the 50m Freestyle heats on Friday.
Chen applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for a hearing and to have her B sample opened.
The national association is taking the instance "very seriously, and asks that Chen cooperate fully with the investigations," quoted Xinhua from a press release: "We will collaborate with the international sports tribunal CAS and will accept their decision".
For the first time in history, the CAS, not the IOC, is responsible for sanctioning sportspeople who test positive.
Also overnight in Rio, the news about Danekowa's positive test leaked out, and the 33-year-old went on the offensive herself.
"I had three tests, all of which were negative, and my fourth test was positive," which was "an unbelievable shock," she said to Bulgarian TV channel BNT.
She said she was innocent and that "the only explanation could be food supplements," the athlete explained.
According to the report, the banned substance involved was the blood doping chemical EPO.
Danekowa was suspended as a precaution, and according to BNT, a B sample also tested postive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissow spoke up immediately to criticise the athlete.
"I do not understand why sportspeople do not draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been banned".
Almost all the weightlifters from the nation, which has been plagued by doping, were not allowed to participate in Rio.
On Friday the case of "Adrian Zielinski" was announced: the winner at the London Olympics in the weight category of up to 85 kg had tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandrolone three days earlier, just like his brother.
Both deny taking it, but neither was allowed to compete in the weight category of up to 94 kg.
Ahead of the athletes' start, the case of Danekowa is another heavy blow for the reputation of the entire sport.
The World Federation IAAF had banned the entire Russian team, with one exception, for systematic doping, and running nation Kenya also created a mass of bad news in Rio.
In swimming, China's earlier offence had caused heated disputes between the athletes themselves.
Camille Lacourt, from France, spoke out harshly against Chinese Olympic winner Sun Yang.
"Sun Yang's pee is purple."
"When I look at the podium for the 200m Freestyle, I want to throw up," Lacourt said on French radio.
In addition, Sun was at the middle of an argument with Mack Horton, from Australia.
"I have no time and no respect for drug cheats," he said.
Sun tested positive for the stimulant trimetazidine at the Chinese championships in 2014, but only had to sit out for a three-month ban.
Data theft: This is how perfidiously hackers extort ransom money
Programmers of extortion malware are currently targeting companies - with success.
According to a recent survey of 540 companies in North America, the UK and Germany by Malwarebytes, the malware defence specialists, 40 percent of the companies surveyed had fallen victim to one, two, or several attacks involving extortion software in the past twelve months.
In Germany, around 20 percent of the companies had already been targeted by a ransomware attack.
40 percent of the victims willingly paid up the ransom demanded by the perpetrators so that they were able to use their systems and data that had been affected by the attack.
According to Malwarebytes' observations, it is noticeable that perpetrators are tailoring their extortion software to attacks on corporate networks.
If they are successful in that domain, the ransom money they can demand is significantly higher than it would be for private users.
"We are currently seeing harmful software develop terrifyingly quickly," explains Malwarebytes' CEO, Marcin Kleczynski, in an interview with "Die Welt" newspaper.
In 2008, most malware programmes were still focused on sending out adverts.
Then perpetrators discovered extortion software.
Private users were initially the target, but the shift to corporate attacks took place terrifyingly quickly over the past few months.
Ransomware follows a simple pattern: Once activated on a user's computer, it seeks out files that have not been edited for a long time, like Word, Excel or database files, as well as image and video archives.
The ransomware encrypts these files, and deletes the originals for good.
Finally, the software presents the extortioner's demands.
The victim has to transfer money - generally in the form of "Bitcoins", a cryptocurrency - to get the decryption code needed for the files.
But while it's a personal photo database that's at play for private users, it's sensitive customer data or project databases needed for the continuation of projects that are the focus for companies.
As a result, the damage from a ransomware hit is greater.
22 percent of German companies affected reported that they had suffered a fall in turnover due to ransomware, 13 percent had to cease trading entirely, and in one instance, people's lives were put at risk.
In Germany, several hospitals have already fallen victim to attacks, and their patients were placed under serious threat as a result of the loss of medical records.
"We always tell victims not to pay up: that simply exacerbates the problem," explains Kleczynski.
But 80 to 90 percent of companies who pay up get their files back.
Faced with operations coming to a standstill, it is hard for managers to say no to the perpetrators' demands.
Then again, the hackers know that, and do all they can to build up a good reputation.
A recent study saw security researchers from F-Secure examine user interfaces and contact with extortioners. They came to the conclusion that perpetrators really do try to construct a kind of customer service system so that they can get more money.
They explain to their victims via chat how to pay using Bitcoin, set up freely-accessible support websites, or decrypt sample files for free.
And while private individuals are targeted for sums of a few hundred euros, companies sometimes have to bargain hard and pay out five-figure sums to get their files back decrypted.
Faced with the potentially high and relatively risk-free profits from ransomware extortion, hackers are becoming more and more professional, splitting up their work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski from antivirus provider Sophos: "An individual can write a ransomware program within about a week."
However, it is more likely that three or four people will be involved.
The programmers then sell their malware to the actual extortioners in the form of a set of software building blocks.
Malware kits to date, including the malware itself, advice and additional tools, have been sold for a one-off fixed fee of between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"The kits include an adapter tool so that smaller configurations can be constructed, and the appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
The extortioners then look out additional hackers to distribute the freshly prepared software between victims.
We live in a service economy.
So you just log into an underground forum, buy the set from a criminal, and task someone else with installing the software on as many PCs as possible.
There's a payment made for every computer infected.
"Normally, criminals then task spammers with distribution," explains Wisniewski.
Now, many companies are aware of the risks of ransomware, and they are protecting their data better.
More than 50 percent of companies' IT specialists in Maywarebytes' survey relied on using file back-ups and scanner software to beat ransomware.
As a result, perpetrators are already trying out new strategies.
"If simply encrypting files isn't enough of a threat to make an extortion request be granted, the perpetrators threaten to publish sensitive files instead, such as customer lists, or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes' CEO, Marcin Kleczynski.
This means that the risk potential is much higher than before, depending on the type of file.
In the future, perpetrators will be able to focus themselves on brand-new targets within the internet of things.
At the Defcon hacker conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could take control of a thermostat connected to the internet.
In the midst of winter, many victims would pay a ransom to have their blocked heating turned back on.
In the future, if hackers switch off an entire production line in a factory instead of someone's heating, ransomware could also be a issue in Industry 4.0.
Something for every situation
HONDA HR-V is practical and perfect for everyday use
Honda wants to cram everything into the small HR-V: a bit of an SUV, a bit of a coupé, bundled up with the versatility of a minivan.
It seems a bit too much, but the HR-V, built on the same new platform as the new Jazz, does indeed prove itself to be exceptionally flexible in daily use.
Although the HR-V, at just 1.60m tall, seems small, passengers in the front and the back have got plenty of room, it's not a squeeze at all.
The materials used in the interior are well crafted, and have a pleasant appearance - just the surface of the dashboard lets the side down.
The HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles in terms of its loading space.
There isn't just a boot of 453 l with the seats up, and 1026 l with the seats down; there are the "magic seats" too.
This is rather less magical than it sounds: the seats in the back can be flipped up like cinema seats to reveal additional loading space, measuring 1.24 m from floor to ceiling.
The boot is easy to load, but the load height of 650 mm is a bit higher than it is in the Peugeot 2008, which is a comparable model.
The 1.6 l diesel engine we tested, with 88 kW/120 horsepower accelerates the HR-V powerfully, thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm across a wide range of speeds.
However, it could certainly do its work a bit more quietly.
Everyday consumption of 4.7 l/100 km was pleasing.
There is an additional motor: a 1.5 l petrol engine with 96 kW/130 horsepower.
All-wheel drive is not available.
Its handling is balanced, a good compromise between speed and comfort.
The steering could be a bit more direct, however.
In the top-flight "Executive" version, which we tested, the fittings leave nothing to be desired.
The safety systems include city emergency braking assistant (functions up to a speed of 32), collision warning system, and the lane departure warning system.
The collision warning system is irritating occasionally: when parking, it sees lots of obstacles as "approaching objects".
The high-beam assistant system is very reliable.
And the intelligent speed regulator reacts to traffic signage, and reduces the vehicle's speed if necessary.
However, full connectivity is only available for the top-of-the-range model: 7 inch touchscreen, satnav, app integration, and more.
There are two USB ports and a HDMI port under the armrest, which makes them rather tricky to access.
It costs around 29,000 euros for a top-of-the-range diesel model, which is fair.
If you don't want to invest quite that much, the petrol model is available from 20,000 euros, and diesel from 23,000 euros.
The motors comply with euro 6 emissions standards.
With the HR-V, Honda is offering a diverse car that is perfect for everyday driving.
Airline is not liable: Fall on passenger boarding bridge
An airline will not be liable for a passenger's fall on a passenger boarding bridge.
This is because liability only applies for risks typical for aviation travel, the Higher Regional Court of Dusseldorf argued (Az.: 18 U 124/14).
The claimant had broken a kneecap in the fall.
However, the accident could have happened anywhere - it was one of the ordinary risks of life, pronounced the court.
The airline did not have to pay the man any compensation.
When do organisers pay if illness strikes?
Travellers who fall ill will only get their money back when they return home if there is no doubt that their illness was caused by something within their hotel.
However, this is only the case if more than ten percent of visitors can be proved to have suffered the same symptoms.
In this case, a family were stricken with diarrhoea and vomiting on the second day of their holiday in Turkey.
They spent almost all their holiday in their room.
The holidaymakers blamed a malfunctioning sewage treatment plant, which they believed to have polluted the seawater.
The family took the opinion that the holiday was unsatisfactory - and took the organiser to court.
The claimants had no luck in court.
It was true that the waste treatment plant was suffering from a fault.
But the organiser only found out about this just before the claimants departed.
Until that date, the organiser had to assume that the seawater was acceptable.
According to the judgement, the organiser had not violated its information obligation.
In addition, no contamination was found in water samples.
When several hotel guests fall ill - possibly by infecting each other - the court views this as a general life risk.
Only 38 of 691 guests fell ill.
De Maizière said that many people were worried about further attacks following the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July.
He said that the state must react to the threat of terrorism with prudence and resolve.
One thing is for sure: Our country will not react to the perpetrators' violence with hatred and division.
We will not give the terrorists this victory.
If perpetrators have to leave the country quicker, that will boost security and increase the general public's approval of refugee politics.
De Maizière wants the proposals to be implemented before the federal elections in 2017.
He also announced that security services would receive more staff, to the tune of "a mid-four figure sum over several years".
Advertising for terrorism must be punishable once again.
Video surveillance is to be improved, and gun laws to be amended so that purchasing weapons online, in particular, is made more difficult.
Doctors' confidentiality obligations, recently the subject of much discussion, are to remain, according to De Maizière.
However, he wants to talk to doctors to find solutions to reduce the risk to the general public with regard to mental illness, he said.
The Minister felt that improved social care was important to counteract the radicalisation of refugees.
Teachers must be better trained for dealing with traumatised individuals.
De Maizière is planning to employ undercover agents to hunt down criminals in particular areas of the Internet (the Dark Web).
SPD Head Gabriel said that "the SPD is prepared to discuss anything that will increase security further".
He said it was important that the Minister of the Interior had spoken out clearly against actionism.
"That was a slap in the face for agitators in the CDU/CSU," said Gabriel on Friday to the newspapers of the Funke media group.
De Maizière had previously turned down calls from the coalition for a burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
He views an overarching ban of full veils as problematic under the constitution.
You can't ban everything you're opposed to, and I'm opposed to the wearing of the burka.
We can talk about the law with regard to traffic, or for witnesses appearing in court.
Head of the Greens, Simone Peter, accused the Minister of wanting to use new anti-terror packages to create an air of energy and ability to act.
Head of the Left, Bernd Riexinger, said that "smooth talking and tightening up residency laws are not going to make the people in this country any more safe".
Better flow of traffic on the motorway slip road
Traffic jams are a regular occurrence on the bypass - here's a photo from November.
But that is about to change: the right-hand turning lane is to be extended.
This is good news for all drivers stuck in rush-hour traffic on the bypass every evening as they drive onto the motorway slip road (A43).
Next Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August), the State Roadworks Office will extendthe right-hand turning lane in the area between Hammer Straße and the exit from Weseler Straße by 700 metres.
This means that drivers will be able to feed in directly from Hammer Straße.
The major advantage is that traffic will split earlier, improving overall circulation on the busy section of main road 51.
The CDU fraction in the Münster (West) district administration came up with the idea to lengthen the exit.
The traffic on the slip road is particularly bad for drivers between 5pm and 7pm.
On weekdays, the traffic jam stretches to the bridge over Albersloher Weg - and sometimes even goes over it.
This is caused by the bottleneck on the B51, just before the exit onto Weseler Straße.
From here, there is only a single lane of traffic over the motorway bridge.
The second lane was removed a good eighteen months ago.
The reason for this was that structural analysis had shown that the bridge was no longer capable of supporting the weight caused by two lanes, particularly the weight of heavy goods vehicles.
The relevant authorities cannot say how long this bottleneck, and the associated rush-hour traffic, will last.
It's going to be a matter of years: officially, the bridge will remain in use until 2034.
The district authorities deliberately chose the less busy period of the school holidays for the extension of the right-hand turning lane, because it will cause delays.
Traffic will be diverted past the construction site in a single lane on Tuesday and Wednesday.
Intercultural journey: Cultural programme for schools
The international class from the forest school has been to see "The Invisible House" at the theatre.
The "Nima's" association and Young Theatre are now planning a musical project.
The "Nima's" association enables young people from a migrant or refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
The "International Class" at the Kinderhaus forest school saw a performance of the award-winning play "The Invisible House" at the Young Theatre in Münster.
Within the framework of the "Intercultural Journey" set up by Nima's, 19 pupils aged between 11 and 15 saw the play in the small house.
The association's objective is to encourage cultural integration of young people from migrant and refugee backgrounds, and since the start of the year, it has offered schools with welcome classes with the chance to attend cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project.
Most young people in the class arrived in Münster between September 2015 and March 2016 from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, among others, and spoke little German.
Thanks to the choreography, scenic images and video animations they were able to follow the plot regardless, according to the press release from Münster's Young Theatre.
Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theatre, will work on a musical theatre project together over the next season.
From October to December, young people aged between 14 and 20 with and without a migrant and refugee background will have the chance to attend professionally-led courses for singing, dancing, acting, and music.
There are also plans for acting and theatrical language training for children and families.
The "Intercultural Journey" project continues.
As a result of the increase in the number of refugees, the association is expecting that many classes will want to take part.
Rain replaces shooting stars: There is hope that the weather will improve
For people hoping to spot shooting stars in south-west Germany on Thursday night, the weather put paid to their plans - but all is not lost.
The President of the Observatory of Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, said on Friday morning that the clouds and rain overnight meant that conditions were not ideal for observing the celestial show.
We are pinning our hopes on Friday night.
The weather is supposed to be good, so we'll definitely see lots of shooting stars in the sky.
The shooting stars are the Perseids: some of the quickest shooting stars, travelling at 216000 kilometres an hour.
Their name refers to the fact that they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus, which is visible in the north-east.
Silent night: Tips to fight sleep disorders
In the evening your mind won't stop whirring, you lie awake for hours each night, and by the time morning comes, sleep is far from your mind even well before your alarm goes off.
This is anything but relaxing.
If you suffer from these issues, you're in good company: According to the Robert Koch Institute, around a quarter of adults suffer from sleep disorders, and more than ten percent find that they often or always wake up not feeling refreshed.
How do sleep problems or sleep disorders manifest themselves?
There are various forms of sleep disorders, and they can have many causes, emphasises Hans-Günter Weeß, President of the German Association for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine.
What people generally understand by sleep disorders is insomnia: a problem with falling asleep and sleeping through the night.
Many people feel that their sleep throughout the night is unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, Member of the Board of the German Association of General Practicioners, who practices in Varel in Lower Saxony.
What is behind sleep disorders?
The causes of sleep disorders are complex.
Biological, psychological or behavioural factors can be to blame, along with medication.
A sleep disorder is often a reflection of another illness.
"Waking up very early is common with depression, in particular," says Weeß.
And it can be the case that several factors have an impact on each other.
If you have a slipped disk, for example, you might find it hard to lie down, wake up every couple of hours, and start to grumble about everyday problems and worries, suggests Weeß as an example.
That causes tension, and it is impossible to sleep.
When should you see your doctor about sleep disorders?
If, over the course of a month, you sleep poorly for at least three nights a week, and find that this impacts you during the day, you should see a doctor, advises Weeß.
They can impact in various different ways: You could be exhausted, tired, poorly rested, suffer from difficulties concentrating and staying alert, be irritable, have mood swings or physical complains such as stomach ache or headaches.
To be able to treat a sleep disorder, it is important to work out what is causing it.
Behaviour changes, cognitive behavioural therapy or medication - with traditional sleeping tablets only being used in exceptional circumstances and for a maximum of two weeks - are all options for treatment.
There are hardly any registered sleep doctors in Germany, emphasises Prof. Ingo Fietze, Head of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Sleep Medicine at the Charité University Medicine Centre in Berlin.
As a result, you should first turn to your GP if you're suffering with a sleep disorder, recommends Weeß.
Your doctor will examine you to see if the problems have a physical cause.
Who should go to a sleep lab, and what happens there?
Doctors recommend an examination in a sleep lab for patients whose snoring disrupts their breathing, for people who feel abnormally sleepy during the day, for sleepwalkers, or if the cause of a sleep disorder cannot be pinpointed, explains Fietze.
You don't have to prepare for the examination at all.
You should spend the day normally.
"Just - please don't take an afternoon nap," says Fietze.
After being cabled up, you head to bed at your normal time.
In addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear a nasal cannula, a belt across your chest and a sensor on your finger.
In addition, a camera mounted on the ceiling records the sleeper.
How can those affected get a grip on the problems they are experiencing?
There are a fair few areas that can be adjusted to encourage a better night's sleep.
Weeß lists them: going to bed and getting up a regular times, not staying in bed too long, not sleeping during the day, not watching television to get to sleep, avoiding alcohol, and not looking at the clock during the night - because then you start working out times straight away, and that's not helpful at all.
What the jungle camp has got to do with missing swimming medals
Former German swimmer Markus Deibler has posted on Facebook about the disappointing performance of the DSV team at the Olympics.
In December 2014 he got his first gold medal at the Short Course Swimming Championships in Doha, while setting his first world record.
Now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has come forward on Facebook to defend his ex-teammates from criticism.
"In a country in which an Olympic champion is awarded 20,000 euros and the King of the Jungle gets 150,000 euros, nobody should wonder why medals aren't being won," the 26-year-old wrote on Thursday night on his Facebook page.
The remuneration system in swimming is poor, but doping tests, on the other hand, are very good, he says.
This means that we cannot compete with countries who pay a lot and that don't pay as much attention to doping, or even encourage it.
"I'm not saying that we should stop our tests," he went on to explain.
If he wanted to make a comeback, Deibler would have to register with the National Anti-Doping Agency for Germany (NADA) nine months before he started.
This is exactly how it should be with countries.
"If you don't submit to WADA/FINA checks a particular amount of time before the World Championships/Olympics, then you shouldn't be able to take part," the Hamburg resident stated, who now runs an ice-cream parlour.
Airport: A gang of luggage thieves are arrested
Professional thieves at Dusseldorf airport
Plain clothes officers from Dusseldorf's police force managed to arrest two women and two men, aged between 50 and 61, on Thursday.
The suspects had worked as a group to steal several bags and items of luggage.
Around 9.30 p.m. civil servants in Dusseldorf Airport recognised a gang known to the police from previous thefts.
The two men and two women had committed multiple crimes since mid-July, and had committed the offences as a group, dividing up their work in a particularly professional way.
The specialists from the 34th police inspectorate were able to prove that the thieves, who had travelled to Germany to commit the crimes, had committed four crimes.
They had made more than 15,000 euros as a result.
Old buildings, a couple of little linden trees, and a few cobblestones among them: at first glance, Berlin-Friedrichshain's Rigaer Straße doesn't look as if it's one of the streets that the police consider to be among the most dangerous in the city.
If you walk along the street from east to west, you come across playgrounds, a freshly painted kindergarten and a health-food shop.
Someone has spraypainted "horrid!" on the facade of a house.
Opposite a Lidl, due to be pulled down soon, construction is already underway: by 2017, a building with large windows and 133 new apartments to rend is expected to be constructed.
Articles on this "trendy district", as the property company responsible has dubbed Friedrichshain, have been illustrated with pictures of burning cars over the past few weeks.
The reason for this is house 94: At first, it was occupied by squatters, then the inhabitants had rental contracts, but some rooms on the ground floor are still occupied by squatters and used for events.
Berlin's Senator of the Interior Henkel had called multiple times since the start of the year for the police to take a hard line against the project that has made the area a "no-go zone" for police and singled out 94 as the starting point for autonomous violence.
After the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadterschmiede, were cleared on 22 June by 300 police officers, the police patrolled the area for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three vans, closing parts of the street and preventing visitors from accessing house 94.
During this period, builders renovated the rooms on behalf of the unidentified owner of the house.
On 13 July Berlin's Administrative Court ruled that the clearing was illegal, and, one day later, police and builders left the site, to the cheers of supporters and residents.
On this summer afternoon, the street seemed peaceful: parents were out walking with their children, people were sitting on their houses' steps in the sunshine, other people were chatting in front of the off-licence.
Near the house project there is a primary school and a kindergarten.
Far-left violence is not what worries most residents the most: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the district since 1999, and Jana*, who has brought three children up here, are mainly irritated by the police presence.
They share the inhabitants of the housing project's fears of rising rents and gentrification.
It doesn't sound like a district that wants more police protection against left-wing vandalism.
The schisms that Berlin's Senator for the Interior and the police believe to have opened up between the squatters in the house and their neighbours do not exist.
Friedrichshain, in the east of Berlin, was traditionally a working-class neighbourhood. Even today, it has a lower average income and a higher risk of poverty than the rest of the city.
Squatters in houses and the residential projects they spawn are nothing new in the district: in 1990 numerous houses in the then-GDR were full of squatters, including almost all of Mainzer Straßer, near Rigauer.
While those on Mainzerstraße were cleared out during a real street battle with a large police deployment, many of the projects in Rigauer were legalised, and are to a certain extent still inhabited by the people who first squatted there 26 years ago.
At the same time, the district has become more and more of a magnet for tourists and Berlin residents who come from all over the world: residents from GDR times and former squatters are now sharing their district with them.
This can be felt in the rents, which have climbed by almost 60 percent since 2009.
Many of the new buildings in Rigauer are seen as symbols of this development: this is clear from their broken windows or freshly painted facades splattered by paint bombs.
No other street has been mentioned so often this year in connection with "autonomous left-wing violence".
One reason for not all neighbours seeing this as a problem could be that they are not directly affected by crime: according to statistics, almost all crimes such as bodily harm are directed against the police.
The majority of crimes are damage to property, which tend to target new buildings and recently renovated properties.
For Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in a block of flats next-door to controversial number 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
She is calm about acts of violence: the people at number 94 are her neighbours, they certainly had nothing to do with it.
Even the notorious burning cars have not played a role in Rigaer for a long time.
The trained architect does not see her street as a crime flashpoint - quite the opposite: "Here we help each other, live together along the street, and talk to each other more than elsewhere".
Neugebauer chose to move to Rigauer Straße - and she chose to stay there.
This is also why it was so important to her that residents got their street back: back from the police, politicians and the media who suddenly started claiming how important the district was in July.
But in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the street is still being taken away: by impersonal new developments in old empty sites, which drive out old residents.
"They are freehold flats, and most people here aren't interested in that - people here generally aren't so well-off," she said.
"I absolutely cannot condone violence and destruction."
But what should you do when nobody listens to you?
Then everyone gets frustrated, including the police and residents.
Kerstin Neugebauer has little sympathy for people who have moved in and are irritated by paint bombs: The housing project and the left-wing scene are part of the district.
If you move here, you should be aware of that - just like someone who moves into an area full of pubs should know they can't really complain about the noise.
All people only described using their forenames have requested that their real names are not used
Urbach: Annika Deutscle is the new Commissioner for Refugees
Annika Deutschle is the contact person for integration and organisation.
She will also work on-site as a social worker.
Annika Deuschle has been the Commissioner for Refugees for Urbach since July.
The social education worker will assist the management team run by Achim Grockenberger.
She views herself as a point-of-contact for all involved: refugees, people from the working group for refugees, administrators, authorities, and anyone else.
Regine Kunde from the working group said that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now available to work as a jack-of-all-trades to help anyone experiencing difficulties.
That's what some people said when management posted the advert for the job - meaning it less in a mocking way, and more with reference to the number of tasks that were to be performed.
They were looking for a manager with people skills and communication skills, combined with years of experience in social work - a real jack-of-all-trades.
However, managerial work is not how she spends most of her time, Annika Deuschle says.
It is primarily about organisation, working on-site with people, even in the background, and networking, she says.
The 31-year-old has been in post for around six weeks.
She has taken the 50% job for a fixed term of three years.
It was high time," Regine Kunde said, that Annika Deuschle offered support to voluntary and full-time workers.
There are major problems, minor problems, organisational problems, problems with people, comprehension problems.
New containers will soon be located in Wasenstraße
For a while, one major problem has been finding homes subsequently for refugees that have been given certified status.
Communes themselves are responsible for subsequent accommodation.
They have to house the refugees in their own properties or in rented properties.
Communes themselves have to bear the costs for constructing, renting or renovating this accommodation.
Responsibility switches from district administration to communes and job centres.
The problem: Properties are free, but not every landlord is prepared to let.
The search has been very difficult for a while.
De facto, the administration cannot find any private homes.
According to Deuschle, being reliant on private homes has not worked.
This is why the commune's homes need to be beefed up, as it is so neatly put.
Consequently new containers will soon be located in Wasenstraße.
But homes alone will not do the trick.
Perspective is the key word, and Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle agree on that score.
In addition to a fixed abode, internships, apprenticeships, school places, "one-euro" traineeship jobs and temporary jobs need to be found or set up for refugees and migrants.
"More jobs would be good," reports Regine Kunde.
Many people work in builder's yards or help caretakers, or do voluntary work - and that provides motivation in a very orderly way, as Annika Deuschle reports.
She hopes that working for the community leads to a positive public perception.
This is not "employment therapy".
Being active doesn't just mean working.
The day needs a fixed structure, Deuschle and Kunde say.
People need to develop a sense of belonging.
Consequently there is a need to provide sports, contact to locals, and, above all, language courses.
Professional courses are rare.
There is where the administration and volunteers can get involved.
She says it is key that refugees feel as if they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
The length of time that processes take is a problem.
They have to explain to refugees that it will take that long, and that the time can be filled productively - for example, with language courses.
If someone feels that they can't help anyone in Urbach, that they aren't allowed to work, and that they are useless, they'll never integrate.
The clear majority are motivated.
But there are also problem cases, Kunde says honestly, "people for whom nothing works". As a result, Deuschle and Kunde's work will always be to motivate others.
All told, this is "a mammoth task".
A tricky question: After recent events, are the two women worried about radicalisation, even in a small commune like Urbach?
"No," Regine Kunde said clearly, "which some people might call naive". She could not and did not want to ignore the chance of a residual risk remaining.
However, volunteers are already aware of this.
These issues are already discussed by the refugees.
They were afraid that the attackers would bring them into total disrepute.
"They want to show they have nothing to do with it," Regine Kunde said.
Many of them would like to stay in Urbach.
So full-time and volunteer staff have to keep an eye open for jobs in the town and across the region.
But they always have in the back of their mind that a new group of refugees and migrants could soon be arriving in Urbach.
Does Germany need a cap?
Politicians shy away from answering this question.
It is unfair to show them volunteers on site.
"In Urbach we've not got to where we wanted to be quite yet," said Annika Deuschle.
The situation would ease a bit if they did not receive any new refugees.
Regine Kunde also makes clear that the residents of Urbach have their hands full with integrating the refugees who have arrived to date.
Currently they amount to around 100 people, predominantly young men.
But when people are in need, you've got to help them - and both women agree on that.
The political situation is so complicated that there are no easy answers to be found there.
Schorndorf: Search for intruders made by helicopter
The police helicopter flew above various areas for about an hour - without success.
Two unknown men broke into an apartment in an apartment building in Lindenweg on Friday morning at around 8.50am.
The residents surprised the two men, who fled.
The two men were between 1.65m and 1.70m tall, probably wearing masks, both wearing blue jeans and black hooded tops.
They were heading towards the centre of town.
The police launched several strip patrols and a police helicopter to try and find them.
Without success.
It may be the case that the unknown assailants were recognised near the apartment or during their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police launch investigation after bikers attack a snack bar
After an attack on a snack stand in Ulm, police have launched investigations against six suspects who associate with the biker community for a serious breach of the peace.
House searches had revealed evidence and drugs, the police revealed on Friday.
According to the police, around 20 masked men from a biker-esque clan had thrown bottles and stones against the window of the snack bar.
Afterwards, two customers were attacked, one of whom was slightly injured.
Then they fled.
Damage amounting to 10,000 euros was caused to the snack bar and the neighbouring building.
Investigators believe it was a dispute among Ulm's biker gangs, between a Kurdish gang and a Turkish gang.
Thüringen: Zeiss Meditec comes closer to reaching a billion in turnover
Strong demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted Carl Zeiss Meditec's turnover.
Over the first nine months of the business year that started in October, the company's turnover grew by 6.7 percent to 789.6 million euros, as the listed company reported on Friday in Jena.
Its business in Asia grew disproportionately, by 17.1 percent.
Profits before interest and taxes increased from 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros, according to the interim report.
The Jena-based medical technology company wants to cross a turnover threshold of one billion euros this year, said its Board of Directors.
Zeiss Meditec produces devices and equipment for doctors' practices and clinics.
The company is owned by the Carl Zeiss optics and electronics firm (Oberkochen), and employs just under 3000 people.
Munich 1856: Four maps that will change your view of the city
A mental asylum, where today young people are said to meet.
A crypt chapel, where they are now digging tunnels for the S-Bahn.
Allotment holders cultivate the soil of former farmers.
The oldest official map of Munich brings captivating stories to light.
It is annoying when geographical maps are not up-to-date.
Anyone who has ever got worked up because the car's sat-nav is showing a green field instead of a bypass knows that.
The historical maps of the digital BayernAtlas, an offering from the State Government's Geoportal Bayern, are anything but up-to-date – and yet it is precisely for this reason that they are so informative.
Especially when one compares them with current online maps.
Then it becomes clear how the towns and municipalities in the distribution area of Munich's Merkur newspaper have changed since the 19th century.
The digital BayernAtlas is a patchwork quilt that one doesn't quite recognise for what it is at first.
Within the large overview map, were worked in detailed maps for towns and municipalities, so-called original-lay-of-the-land sheets.
According to information from the Bavarian Surveying and Mapping Authority, these came into being between 1810 and 1864 and arise out of the first survey of Bavaria.
Their commissioner: Napoleon.
The French army commander had occupied Bavaria since the spring in 1800, during the War of the Second Coalition with Austria.
Napoleon wanted to gain an overview of the occupied land and commissioned a topographical survey – naturally for military purposes.
Even if the French troops finally retreated with the Treaty of Lunéville from 9th February 1801: it was the current neighbours who had the idea to create a comprehensive map of Bavaria.
Elector Max IV. Joseph propelled the project further forward, founding the "Topographical Bureau" – and with that, the Bavarian Surveying and Mapping Authority.
The original lay-of-the-land sheet for Munich originates from 1856 and, like all the others, can be found on the website of the Bavarian State Library.
The comparison of past/present is most impressive taking the example of the state capital.
The city has stretched out in all directions and coalesced.
An example of this is Untersendling, which still appears relatively isolated on the map from 1856.
Sendling was incorporated as an urban district of Munich 21 years after the map was created.
Today, Untersendling lies in the middle of the city.
Around 1856, Untersendling's houses are concentrated along what is today Plinganserstraße, which was first named in 1878 after Georg Sebastian Plinganser, a ringleader of the Bavarian farmers' revolt against Austria in 1705.
Where the West Park is today, one sees nothing but field – at first sight: upon zooming in, a more detailed small-scale map with dozens of lines and numbers appears: hand-numbered plots from the so-called "original record", from which the property tax was derived.
Today, it is no longer farmers who occupy small parcels there – rather, it is allotment holders of the "Land in Sonne" facility.
A large green area is apparent to the north of Untersendling.
Theresienwiese, since 1810 the scene of Oktoberfest, was in the 19th century still actually a "Wiese" – a meadow – and not a concrete wasteland.
On the other side of the Isar, the historical map gives an insight into the history of psychiatric medicine.
In the original lay-of-the-land sheet, in the area where today the borough of Au-Haidhausen is, one can make out not only the street name "am Gasteig" or the elevation "Auf der Lüften" – but can actually read in large letters "mental asylum".
Yes, here on Auerfeldstraße, they once imprisoned people with delusions.
The Munich district mental asylum "Auf der Auer Lüften" had come to life there in 1858/59.
From 1872, Dr. Bernhard von Gudden led the institution – the psychiatrist who is associated with the death of King Ludwig II.
"He was progressive for his time and ended, for example, the practice of chaining up the so-called mad men.
What is more, he forbade the staff from using violence against the inmates," says Hermann Wilhelm, leader of the Haidhausen Museum, which has been busying itself for an exhibition with the establishment.
Originally there was place for 280 patients; later this was expanded to 500 places.
At some point even this capacity was no longer enough – the reason why the district mental asylum in Haar was constructed in 1905.
The Isar Amper Clinic, East Munich, has been located there since 2006, one of the largest psychiatric units in Germany.
On the plot of the former Auer institution, young people now meet in the Munich Salesianum.
The order acquired the building complex in 1920 and converted it into a youth centre with training programmes.
To the west lies the football pitch of TSV München Ost, and to the east, residential houses from the 1980s.
In 2015, the "Casa Don Bosco" nursery was built – in the architectural style of the original mental asylum building, which had been destroyed in the Second World War in bomb attacks.
Marienplatz was recorded as the "main square" in around 1856, and Kaufingerstraße was called "Kaufinger Gasse".
The Second World War also brought a decisive change to the heart of Munich.
The bombs of the Allies tore many holes in the city centre in December 1944.
One big one remains up to this day – at the Marienhof.
The English Institute, small commercial premises and a crypt chapel from the Middle Ages once stood in the Marienhof, where these days, preparations for the second S-Bahn main line are underway, with first digging to follow on 5th April 2017.
You can use the slider control to compare the old Munich map with the aerial view from today – and to fill in the hole at the Marienhof.
Civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri
The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
"The NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, effective through August 28th, 2017, calls for African American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling throughout the state given the series of questionable, race-based incidents occurring statewide recently, and noted therein," the group's statement reads.
A recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.
"You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.
They're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod Chapel, told The Kansas City Star.
"We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."
It is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.
The group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.
The advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.
"The advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
"People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."
Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
The travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.
Previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.
Travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.
Pasture fence project is fundamental
The Fischerbach pasture fence project is a successful project and will be continued next year.
Members of the Bundestag for the CDU Peter Weiß and Kordula Kovac got a first-hand view.
Representatives from the Fischerbach local CDU group met with mayor Thomas Schneider and the two representatives at Rechtgrabenhof farm, belonging to the Schwendemann family.
To start with, Markus Schwendemann gave insights into his business, in which he cultivates 55 hectares of pasture and 40 hectares of woodland, keeps 40 milk cows and just as many young stock, and accommodates five apartments of holiday makers.
Schwendemann says that, for him, there is no alternative to the "Black Forest milk" marketing channel he uses for the milk from his cows.
Only regional produce is served to the holiday-makers.
Since he is also BLHV chairman for Fischerbach, he described the pasture fence project as "fundamentally important".
I can't make a profit on that kind of steep-sloping ground.
Grassland areas make for a lot of work, a lot has to be done with the string trimmer.
"We have to grapple with the conditions and with the topography here," stressed Schwendemann.
In 2003, he took over his parents' business and he manages this without chemical crop protection and fertilisers, even if it's not an organic farm that he's running.
For Mayor Thomas Schneider, it was clear that "the community has recognised the importance of the pasture fence project and is happy to have the Leader funding".
The farmers need support to the tune of 3000 to 4000 euros per hectare.
One hopes that with that, afforestation of the area could then be drawn out for a long while.
"The biggest asset that we have are the people who work in agriculture and who give thought to how to bring their businesses forward," stressed the mayor.
The farmers are often the target of criticism thanks to the funding.
Using the pasture fence funding, a total of 25 plots from eleven participants were fenced off in 2013.
The areas kept open with these amount to 40 hectares, which may not be afforested until at least 2023.
Of the total costs, to the tune of 71,500 euros, half was funded via Leader, and a quarter was borne by the community of Fischerbach.
The farmers were thus left with 12,610 euros, which they had to invest in the 16.2-kilometre pasture fence.
"The great advantage is the longevity of the fences," explained Schwendemann.
Kordula Kovac stressed: "You're doing a really good job. Without farmers we'd not be able to function."
Peter Weiß is also standing firm: "First-class foodstuffs are produced here."
The Baden-Württemberg directive on countryside conservation (LPR) makes the government funding of pasture fences possible.
Its goal is to keep the Black Forest open.
A prerequisite is the existence of one of the funding scenarios as outlined by the LPR.
In addition, the fenced-off area is not allowed to be farmable with a tractor (gradient of over 35 per cent) and must therefore be threatened with afforestation.
For the 2018 Fischerbach pasture fence project, an application is currently underway from eight participants with 24 plots who would like to build just shy of 16 kilometres of fence.
The areas of land to be kept open equate to 35 hectares; the calculated costs amount to more than 112,000 euros.
Is nothing sacred?
Now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
The surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.
Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.
In fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
A horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.
But he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.
As Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.
The poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of Liberty."
Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.
It is about the contemporary resonance of Lazarus's startling words, the only ones in which a state has appeared to invite not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
There has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.
Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.
This conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.
Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.
The sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.
Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.
And she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.
The marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
And just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.
The great loudmouth Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that Liberty is not inviting anyone in, but is rather an early neocon, taking the American flame out to the benighted world: "Lady Liberty is stepping forward.
She is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.
The torch is not to light the way to the United States."
Rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.
The meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.
Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.
It is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.
Her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
And of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.
Their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.
World Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB
Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team
UK Athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."
A record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
Black believes "there's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.
"We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.
"I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.
Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.
British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.
And the guy on the corner street, too.
Whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
Several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.
"Eilidh is slightly modest.
Her captain's speech was incredible," says Black.
"A number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.
The passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."
The Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.
Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.
She will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.
Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.
Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.
The team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.
"The special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.
"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.
It just shows how far we've come.
And they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.
As for my captain's speech?
Yeah, I think it went well.
I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.
So it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.
I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."
Blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters
The father of our country knew something about bad press.
Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.
He chafed at the criticism, sure.
But he did not silence his critics.
Because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."
That brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.
Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.
And the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.
The governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.
"It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.
But it matters.
And it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.
This is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.
He has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
He's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.
He's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.
So blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
In an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.
But it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.
The Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.
And they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.
They all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
The pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.
Attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
"I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.
"I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."
What the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."
The Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
It's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.
But that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.
Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
One of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.
The chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.
And in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (R) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.
This shouldn't be so hard.
In Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.
The number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.
And even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
People using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.
Petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.
But he did not silence them.
Freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.
And true leadership means accepting that.
Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club
Former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
The Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
"I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.
"The players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.
Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.
He's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.
This is a great showcase for this course."
Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
"This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.
"I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.
Coming back to this part of the world is magical.
It's a wonderful place to play golf in.
The memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.
It was a really special time and one we will always cherish."
Making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.
This event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
"It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.
"You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.
I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.
I'm happy with how it's going so far."
Joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
Admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
All proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
Fewer lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking
In past two decades, an ever decreasing number of people have died from lung cancer due to passive smoking.
This is the conclusion drawn by scientists from the University Medical Centre Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) in a study.
"According to our estimations, 167 lung cancer deaths a year can be attributed to passive smoking," said study leader Heiko Becher.
For comparison, he referred to one of his own studies on this topic from 1994.
Back then, there were still 400 lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking every year in Germany.
The new study is published in the "International Journal of Public Health".
Home connections prove to be very complex
The building works in Villinger Straße are in full throw and "are more or less on schedule," according to the manager of the construction yard, Fred Heinze.
In terms of home connections, the situation is more complicated than expected, since lots of things are hidden in the substrate that were not noted in the plans.
The traffic, which always disrupts building works, poses a big problem for the Stumpp company construction crew.
"The ignorance of car drivers around red lights and barriers is really huge," reports Heinze.
The street is closed off and only the public busses are allowed to drive through.
Angelo Caruso, Marvin Kostorz and Tim Kostorz from the Stumpp company have been engaged in the works on the bridges for weeks.
"The hot days were pretty exhausting, for sure.
But luckily we were supplied with cold mineral water by our friend Fritz Matt," explained Marvin Kostorz.
Poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold
When Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
She rarely even uses a pot.
In her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
After half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.
Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.
A bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
As the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.
Polygamy is common here.
Of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.
"No one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.
It's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.
An existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.
In 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.
Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.
There is no public transport.
The town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.
Very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.
Before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.
There were other changes, too.
"We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.
"Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."
Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
But it is also Indonesia's land of gold.
The world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.
In 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.
In addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.
These riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
A 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.
According to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
Mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.
We Will Lose Everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.
"It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
The screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
The province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.
Local people struggle to compete.
"The migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.
"It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.
The former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
But precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.
"Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.
In fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.
On Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.
The startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.
One of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.
The soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
Then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
One child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.
A couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.
About 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
They carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
Some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.
As tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.
Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego Koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.
Nobody was in the mood to listen.
"When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.
"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
Local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.
"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
The Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.
"It's a matter of life and death."
According to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.
News of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.
Three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.
"I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.
Security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.
But the excuses started almost immediately.
"Most of the violations occurred a long time ago.
Some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.
The point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.
Then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.
Instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.
Wiranto, who the U.N. has indicted for "crimes against humanity" relating to more than 1,000 deaths during East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said that 11 cases of human-rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.
Families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.
"I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.
"I'm tired."
He says that years later, he still lives in fear.
"I'm afraid," he says.
"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."
His brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.
He says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
"After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.
The shootings haven't stopped.
On Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.
One person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.
The man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
Incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.
Police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.
But locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.
"We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells TIME.
"I have been hiding in my house for two days."
The Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.
The lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.
Many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.
Some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
In response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."
Some never reappear.
Among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."
Poverty feeds the discontent.
The little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.
Bread is just as out of reach.
People here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.
Farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.
They usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.
Ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).
Over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.
What few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.
Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
"The young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.
Isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.
In addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.
Earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.
According to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.
"There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
The lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
In March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
These same countries have historically backed the OPM.
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."
Local people want more foreign governments to take note.
When an official delegation from the Netherlands, headed by the nation's human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, local people broke their silence, beseeching, "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but who asked to stay anonymous.
Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.
"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.
He wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.
Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.
"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
Despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.
Knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.
"A member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.
"What else could we do?"
Fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time
A fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.
It's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.
The building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.
"We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
We ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.
The government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
The incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.
An investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.
In the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.
No Davis Cup reform: Best-of-five continues
The president of the International Tennis Federation has failed with his big Davis Cup coup in the general assembly.
At the meeting in Ho Chi Minh City, the (for this sport) revolutionary suggestion to from now on play the Davis Cup singles over only best-of-three sets received just shy – by a whisker – of the necessary two-thirds majority in support.
The admittedly often very long, but for that reason also greatly treasured, five-set classics are therefore surviving in the traditional competition.
63.54 per cent of the member countries voted in favour of the reform; ITF president David Haggerty's objective was therefore only just missed.
"We respect the decision, but are disappointed that our member nations have not accepted the entire reform package for the Davis Cup and Fed Cup.
We need change in order to secure the long-term future of this iconic and historic competition," said Haggerty.
There will continue to be work done to improve the competition.
After many objections beforehand already, the suggestion to hold the final at a neutral location did not even make it to the vote.
New from 2018 are only comparatively small details: so, in future, the finalists of the David Cup and Fed Cup will have the right to host in the first round the following year.
In order to keep costs to a minimum for organisers, the requirements in matters of training courts etc. are being simplified and the players will not have to give so many official media appointments ahead of the Davis Cup.
More than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds
A survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.
Less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
The survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet Charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.
Of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.
The most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.
More than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
The company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.
It's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.
As the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
People are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.
So it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.
For a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.
Liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.
Elon Musk doesn't care: Tens of thousands of Tesla customers cancel their orders
Electronics-multi-talent Elon Musk likes to brag about the huge number of pre-orders for his new Tesla "Model 3".
Up until now, he has withheld the fact that a portion of these customers have already cancelled their non-binding reservations.
Alongside the always triumphant figures for sales increases and the even more gigantic sales targets, with the announcement of the most recent quarterly financial statement, Tesla boss Elon Musk has for the first time had to reveal another, less glamorous number: that of the cancellations for the new mass-market Model 3.
In recent months, Musk had frequently used those more than 500,000 pre-orders to talk up the new car, for which distribution is just starting.
Musk now concedes that of the 518,000 total pre-orders, 63,000 have already been retracted.
Critics had time and again pointed out that they were only non-binding reservations.
In cases of cancellation, Tesla pays the 1000-euro (in the USA, 1000-US-dollar, and in Great Britain, 1000-pound) "reservation deposit" back in its entirety.
There are currently 455,000 such non-binding reservations, conceded Musk in a conference call with analysts.
However, the Tesla boss does not believe that the cancellation of as of yet 12 per cent of all orders could become a problem.
His argument: The challenge for ambitious growth targets is not in demand but on the production side.
Last year, Tesla delivered 84,000 vehicles.
In 2018 – all models taken together – it is said to be 500,000, and in 2020, a million.
The demand is therefore clearly there.
According to Musk, a further 1800 reservations arrive each day.
Anyone who orders a "Model 3" today is looking at delivery in the second half of 2018 at the earliest – that's if Tesla manages to get its brand-spanking new production lines going, as of yet never tested in practice, without any major interruptions and at maximum capacity.
Many experts doubt whether that's possible.
Should there be major delays, however, the non-binding nature of the reservations could become a problem for Tesla.
For the company cannot then prevent unsatisfied customers from running away in droves.
EPA Chief Pruitt Backtracks on Delaying Obama-Era Rules to Reduce Emissions
One day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.
He made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.
At issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."
Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
Since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.
Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
Last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
In a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
"Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.
"We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
We also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."
Still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."
Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.
A House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.
The measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.
"The EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
New York was joined in the case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington, and the District of Columbia.
Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.
The resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.
Public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
"It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological Diversity.
"We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."
Tumlingen is celebrating 750 years of the St. Hilarius Church
750 years of the St. Hilarius Church: To mark the anniversary of the mountain church, invitations are being issued to a serenade in the old cemetery grounds in Tumlingen on Sunday 16th July at 4.30pm.
Due to its idyllic setting and beautiful view over the village, the historical site of St. Hilarius is a beloved place to tarry a while.
Visitors to the sixth benefit serenade can let themselves be enchanted by this powerful place.
The Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen have made the rescue and preservation of the oldest building in the area their concern.
Walter Martini stresses: "It is a one-of-a-kind rural jewel".
The St. Hilarius chapel was first mentioned in records in 1267 in the Württemberg register: Count Hermann von Sulz sold "the mountain with the parish church for Tumlingen on it, together with the Bailiwick" to Master Eberhard von Horb and his brother Dietrich for 20 silver marks.
According to the text of the official document, aside from the former parish church, a lordly farm also stood on the Tumlingen mountain, which itself owned the church, or the right of patronage, and not the other way around.
People therefore also lived there too.
As is apparent from the upper administrative office for Freudenstadt's description in 1858, the "mountain" was, alongside the lower village and the upper village that can just about be made out still in the appearance of Tumlingen today, the village's third, grand centre of settlement.
All maps from the time of around 1600 substantiate this historical reality.
The right of patronage arose out of the Early Middle-Age proprietary church law.
A lord who built and furnished a church and staffed it with a priest still remained the owner of this church and was also able to bequeath this proprietary church right.
Associated with this was the right to appoint a priest or nominate a new priest to the bishop.
There were three altars in the church and two bells in the tower.
The larger of the two shattered at Christmas 1673.
The newly acquired bell then first chimed in 1692, but had to later be surrendered in the Second World War, in 1942.
During the 30 Years War (1616 to 1648) the window panes were smashed in and the bell ropes stolen.
The roof was leaky.
In 1796, French troops made camp in the vicinity of the church.
They brought out the pulpit and the pews and used them as firewood.
The remains of the church threatened to collapse in 1809.
Up until 1869, the Hilarius cemetery in Tumlingen served as the last place of rest for Hörschweiler's dead.
In 1823, the cemetery was expanded and the Hilarius church was demolished.
Only the church tower was left standing.
On new year's eve of 1834, a storm cleaved the church tower and half of it collapsed.
In order to prevent an accident, the tower was pulled down.
Only the dwarf tower that is still present today survived as witness of the church's 750-year-old history.
Today Horst Kallenberger and Rolf-Dieter Wasem from the "Industrious Pensioners" care for the Hilarius site, as successors of Dieter Dockhorn.
As event organiser, the Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen are issuing invitations to the sixth serenade in the old cemetery to St. Hilarius Chapel, on Sunday 16th July.
It is being arranged by the Kepler Gymnasium, Freudenstadt, combo, with speeches from Kurt Kübler and Reinhold Matteis.
Municipal administrator Hartmut Romann gave the closing words.
The programme starts at 4.30pm.
Last admission is at 3.30pm.
The serenade will be rounded off with drinks in front of the cemetery.
"Enjoy a summer's evening under the shadows of old trees and with a wide view over the meadows right up to forest," invite the organisers, emphasising the fantastic view.
The serenade will only take place in the case of dry weather.
The organisers are hoping for many backers in favour of preserving the historic St. Hilarius site, which is important to Tumlingen and to Hörschweiler.
The Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen feel especially bound to take care of their local region, as serenade organiser Walter Martini reinforced.
Association wants to have wind turbine approval examined
"Boisheim wehrt sich", sees no legal basis for the construction and has therefore turned to the District Administrator.
The association "Boisheim wehrt sich" has called on District Administrator Andreas Coenen (CDU) to retract his approval for the construction of planned wind turbines in Boisheimer Nette.
They say it was unlawful.
The association argues that at the time the approval was given on 30th December 2016, no wind turbines could have been approved in Bosheimer Nette, since at that time only one wind energy concentration zone existed in Viersen, on the city boundary with Schwalmtal.
Construction and operation of wind energy plants are in principle possible within this concentration zone, but at the same time, the concentration zone has an exclusion against the use of wind energy for the rest of the city area.
Such zones are said to prevent "asparagusisation" of the landscape.
The city of Viersen had in fact passed a resolution for a second wind energy concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette a few days earlier, through an amendment to the local land-use plan – but the Düsseldorf regional government had not approved it due to a formal error.
"Due to the lack of legal planning requirements, the approval decision that was issued is still unlawful, and should therefore be retracted as well," said Christoph Erkens, chairman of "Boisheim wehrt sich".
The current state of affairs: the city council once again passed a resolution for the wind concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette before the summer break; approval from the regional government is still pending.
Erkens: "Grant of approval for the construction of wind turbines on this site is therefore precluded by planning law."
The district confirms receipt of the call for action.
"The relevant correspondence was received by the district of Viersen in the last week," declared a spokesperson.
The district is taking it as a reason to investigate the matter afresh.
However, it is not expected to lead to a stop in proceedings.
With a view to the proceedings underway at the administrative court, the district did not want to comment on Thursday on the content of the arguments put forward by the association "Boisheim wehrt sich".
NEW Re, a subsidiary of NEW, is planning construction of four wind turbines, each 200 metres high, on a plot by Bosheimer Nette.
The company, in which the city of Viersen holds indirect participating interests, had concluded lease agreements with the owner of the roughly 65-hectare site last year already.
The construction of the four wind turbines should cover the energy requirements of around 11,400 households – that equates to around a fifth of the energy requirements of all Viersen households.
NEW Re wants to invest around 20 million euros.
Last summer, Viersen city council gave the green light for the purchase of three wind turbines in the Linnich wind park near Aachen, as well as a share in a wind energy plant in Übachpalenberg in the district of Heinsberg.
Car and tractor crash together: woman dies in terrible accident
A terrible accident occurred on Friday morning at around 10am on the L 333 between Niederwallmenach and Bogel (Rhein-Lahn district).
In it, a woman was fatally injured.
Two other people were mildly injured.
The road remained closed for hours.
According to police information, a 17-year-old woman from Bornich, practising accompanied driving in her car with her 53-year old mother, the accompanying driver, was using the L 333 in the direction of Bogel.
Town and dealers plan "hometown shopping" weekend
Bad Langensalzaer and people from the region are to newly discover the shopping opportunities in their town centre in September.
The trade association and town authorities want to use the weekend of the 8th and 9th September to entice residents to a shopping spree in the town centre.
As chairman of the trade association Christian König announced, the "home-town shopping" weekend is meant to make customers aware of what offers their own town has available aside from the usual supermarket goods.
A market with local suppliers is thus planned, similar to the weekly market.
In addition, homegrown companies are to give showcases, with their apprenticeship places.
Furthermore, the businesses in the town centre are to invite people to come "midnight shopping".
The campaign is not only for residents of the town and the nearby region.
Adverts on the radio, an online video and printed bags that allude to the campaign weekend are in preparation, Christian König tells us.
Town authorities and the trade association are cooperating with the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
The trade association and the town are thus entering a further stage of the "attractive town centre" project.
To this belong new offerings such as the first "active day" for the fountain festival along with Sunday trading, talks with all the traders and proprietors to induce people to actively participate.
Attractive offers on the Saturday and waiving of parking fees on this day are also part of the concept.
In addition, new and existing customer bases can be developed.
This includes spa guests and tourists.
But many locals too had lost sight of the town centre for shopping.
Ultimately, it all has to contribute to breathing life into the town centre – right up to landlords, businesses across the whole town and associations.
We have to overcome the lethargy with a network that has partly built up, König had said in the spring.
Brigit Streich, head of the Chamber of Industry and Commerce centre in Mühlhausen communicated that five Thüringen towns are taking part in the nation's third "hometown shopping" day.
Alongside Bad Lagensalza, these are Weimar, Sömmerda, Heiligenstadt and Bleicherode.
The day is intended to "promote appreciation for local trade and emphasise more strongly its importance for the common good of our towns," said Streich.
The campaign, under the leadership of the Chamber for Industry and Commerce and with many partners, also brings home that all citizens can themselves influence their immediate environment with their shopping behaviour.
Two dead and several injured after explosion in US school
During construction works, there was a huge gas explosion in the school building.
Another nine people were wounded.
At a gas explosion in the US city of Minneapolis, two people have died and nine others have been injured, some of which seriously.
According to information from the fire department, one injured person was still in a critical condition on Wednesday (local time).
One person died as a part of the school building collapsed during the explosion.
Someone initially classed as missing was later also recovered dead.
The dead were employees at the school.
Authorities suspected works on a gas pipe to be the cause of the accident.
Being holiday time, only a few people were in the Minnehaha Academy building.
Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts
Transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.
On 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
The US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."
Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
Transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.
Mr Trump told Mr Turnbull a deal for the US to take on refugees headed for Australia was "ridiculous," "rotten" and "stupid," insisting the deal, brokered under the Obama administration, would make him look like "a dope" after he had proposed a ban on refugee resettlement in the US.
Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."
Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist Lynching as a Call for Justice
A 1948 Ford Mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.
Before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
The leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
Inside, the occupants reeled in fear.
"We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.
"Get him out of the car!"
Screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.
Fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.
But when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.
Since 2005, civil rights activists have returned to the Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom, and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
No one has ever been charged with the murders.
"It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
"It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."
Brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.
For him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
"We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.
"We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."
A coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
According to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.
But not one was ever prosecuted.
Though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout town: politics and sex.
In April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.
Around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.
Brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
On July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
He was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
But, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
"As it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.
"It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."
Brooks put it more succinctly.
"It was a voting rights massacre," he said.
"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"
For nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.
Her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
It's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
"We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.
"But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."
Rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.
He's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.
"I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.
"But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
Across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
The play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.
"I said n---a, get off my property!"
Rascona fires back.
There's a beat.
And then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.
Greene laughs the hardest.
"What?!," Rascona asked.
He's alarmed, confused.
Did I go too hard?
"No," Greene said through chuckles.
"I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"
"Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.
"You have to hit the hard 'R.'"
And just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
Everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.
The scene begins again.
This time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.
Absolutely no one laughs.
The reenactment ends violently and quickly.
There's screams, gunfire and then, silence.
A woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie Holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange Fruit."
Her voice breaks on every other word.
A hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.
The audience is almost evenly split between black and white.
One couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.
They've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.
Up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.
As the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.
Children crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.
"They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.
After a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.
The actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.
Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.
Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.
"It's okay," one of the women whispers.
"We know that's not what's in your heart.
You did this for a reason."
Later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.
At one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.
Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.
"It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
"What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "they're just called police shootings now."
Across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.
He said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.
"The reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.
"It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.
Those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."
"Götterdämmerung" propitiates Wagnerians in Bayreuth
In the fourth part of Richard Wagner's monumental work, director Frank Castorf again focusses on a colourful and frivolous production, set against a giant, six-storey backdrop.
The revolving stage (designed by Aleksandar Denic) shows either a shabby street corner, complete with remains of the Wall and kebab shop in Berlin, a "Plaste und Elaste" logo from the DDR times, or the New York stock exchange.
In front is parked an open vintage Mercedes car, in which the Rhinemaidens pose like rocker girls, or alternatively, an Isetta.
Stacked oil barrels are reminiscent of Castorf's leitmotif – gold, power and greed – that runs through his production of the "Ring".
The three Rhinemaidens – sung by Stephanie Houtzeel, Wiebke Lehmkuhl and Alexandra Steiner – work wonderfully together, as they did already in "Rheingold".
They saucily seduce Siegfried (Stefan Vinke), lug a body in the boot in Hollywood manner, and play the riotous clique.
Stephen Milling sings the part of the superbly nasty Hagen, who has the aura of a heavy-weight boxer.
The scene where he slays Siegfried is brutal.
Later, Gunther (Markus Eiche) cops it too.
The audience thanks the ensemble with mighty applause.
There is a rapturous reception for Foster, Milling, Vinke and conductor Janowski, who effaces himself and bows his hands, forming a Merkel diamond.
There is huge applause for the Festival Orchestra, who appear on stage for the first time – in casual leisurewear in view of the high heat.
The performance from Frank Castorf and his directing team had been awaited with excitement.
Even if in 2013 he had had to endure another hall full of shrill catcalls, five years later there were great cheers, which drowned out the isolated boos.
Festival head Katharina Wagner will likely have been delighted.
"Once can see that the audience has in some way grown into the "Ring"," she had said shortly before the performance from the dpa.
The audience has not only made a kind of peace with Castorf, but on top of that, an understanding for his point of view has grown.
I see positive results.
Max Menge works as volunteer
During your voluntary service year, you're working at many locations simultaneously.
What are all the different places?
Menge: Normally in Steinfurt in the furniture exchange, and once a week I help out here in Greven in the Möbelbrücke.
And I have also worked at the full-day school in their supplementary activities.
What are your experiences of that?
Menge: It is a nice, broad spectrum that I see here.
I deal with different people: with adolescents, with refugees, with young adults.
You are 26 years old now, so a volunteer with a late-calling.
How did that come about?
Menge: I did my Abitur exams.
And then I successfully abandoned, shall we say, a civil engineering course of studies.
I recognised that it is not right for me and that I want to do something else, work with people.
And then I asked myself, what do you do?
Do a social year, you can get an insight, can see what it is really like on site, in the thick of things too perhaps.
And was it like that?
Menge: I gathered great insights.
I will start my studies in social affairs in the winter semester.
I will study in dual, probably do an apprenticeship as a welfare worker at the Herne child protective services and study in Hamm at the university of applied sciences.
Is it not somewhat unusual to have several different work locations during the voluntary service?
Menge: Yes, it is very variable.
It always depends on where one is doing their voluntary service year.
One can do it from at the old people's home right up to in youth work – in all possible facets of social work.
In my case, it was very varied.
I was also sometimes at the open full-day schools, that is, for the afternoon care.
For me that was exactly the right thing, the thing that got me fired up.
I was able to recognise and see my own strengths, as it was really happening.
Differently from when doing the civil engineering studies?
Menge: Yeah, sure; here it's not about working out statistics.
One always has other people at the front of their minds, people who all have totally different histories behind them.
Whether it's a refugee or an adolescent who has been pulled out of their family – you always have to approach it individually.
Very interesting.
And they didn't have any fear of contact?
Menge: I'm not the kind of guy for that.
It is an area that gives one a lot.
A lot of love, a lot of friendliness.
There are negative moments too sometimes, but that's just life.
Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business
British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.
The job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.
Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
The company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.
Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast
A suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.
Five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.
Unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.
The bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.
On Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
A Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."
The statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
Correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (IS) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.
According to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.
At the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.
The Taliban said they had carried out that attack.
On 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
The violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.
Correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
The EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.
"We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.
A group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.
The administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.
But the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.
The EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.
Municipal council wants common room
In the end, the decision was clear: with two dissenting votes, the municipal council of Fluorn-Winzeln passed a resolution for a common room in the future retirement home.
Ahead of the debate, there is an important piece of information to be had: the purchase contract for the as yet still needed plot section has been signed, reports mayor Bernhard Tjaden.
Admittedly it will still be a while until the plot, which up until now has belonged to the church parish, comes into the possession of the municipality, but nevertheless, there are now no longer any planning obstacles for the project that has to be materialised by a private investor.
That is why there is a debate concerning a common room.
One of the two investors that are still on board has offered to accommodate the municipality.
For a special price, it would provide a living space – of around 55 square metres – and an adjacent terrace with no less than 70 square metres on the ground floor.
What the management and the majority of the municipal council have in mind is not simply to set aside such a common room as a meeting place only for the residents of the senior citizens' accommodation, but for it to be open to the community.
Talk of a "knitting café" was making the rounds, for example.
The decision, which was already pre-determined last Autumn through the allocation of resources for the current budget, is sweetened by funding opportunities.
The building is in an area for redevelopment.
The construction of a common room would be eligible for financial support, reports Tjaden, with 60 per cent of 30 per cent.
So as to signal to the investor that no-one wants to put a spoke in their wheel, the proposed resolution makes allowances for the determination that both a saddled roof – based on the surrounding buildings – and a mono-pitch roof – which reduces the height of the eaves and makes the building more economical – would be possible.
An uneccessary addition, thinks not only Wilfried Sohmer.
If it helps: it passes through the committee unanimously.
It's not so easy with the common room.
Daniela Ruf points to their many owned buildings that are not really being forged ahead, but instead they are going out of their way with the common room: "I have difficulty with that," she says.
Yvonne Staiger declares herself to be unequivocally in favour of the common room – but absolutely against an investment from the municipality.
She views that as a hidden subsidy to already wealthy, or even foreign, investors.
That is simply not true according to the counterargument, for by purchasing the plot they are not giving away any grants, but are rather getting a genuine, when in doubt saleable, equivalent in value.
Staiger's proposal, to split up the proposed resolution accordingly, has three supporters.
So, with two dissenting votes, they are sticking with the original programme, which Stefan Haller summed up as follows: "If we pass the resolution as so, we make a huge step towards plugging a huge gap in our infrastructure."
Collision with a car: Cyclist hurled onto the road
The 82-year-old cyclist was hit by a car whilst crossing the road in Garath on Wednesday and was seriously injured.
According to police reports, the 82-year-old from Langenfeld was travelling on his bicycle on the Schwarzer Weg cycle lane at around 12.20pm, coming from the direction of Hilden.
The senior citizen wanted to cross the lane of traffic up where the street Am Buchholzer Busch is.
A woman driving a car in the same direction gave way to him.
However, as the man from Langenfeld cycled onto the road, he evidently did not pay attention to the oncoming traffic.
He collided with a car being driven by a 66-year-old woman from Hilden.
The man was hurled onto the road.
He suffered serious injuries and was brought to hospital in an ambulance.
FC Bayern Munich have to do without David Alaba and Thiago for the Super Cup against Borussia Dortmund
The Super Cup is happening without him: David Alaba has to skip the game against Dortmund.
With squad concerns, FC Bayern are travelling to Dortmund for the first competitive match of the new season.
The title-defender is missing seven of its pros in the Super Cup against the cup winners.
The squad concerns are getting even bigger for the German football record champions Bayern Munich ahead of the Super Cup on Saturday (8.30pm/ZDF and Eurosport) at cup winners Borussia Dortmund.
Coach Carlo Ancelotti has to also do without David Alaba in the duel with the BVB.
The Italian confirmed that on Friday.
In addition, the Munich team is missing Manuel Neuer, James, Thiago, Jerome Boateng, Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat.
Ancelotti blamed the physical state of his team and the lack of balance in their game for their five defeats in the past six friendlies.
"We know that we are not in the best physical condition," said Ancelotti, adding, "The most important point is the balance in the team.
That has not been good recently."
However, the 58-year-old believes that they can improve their performance in the first official competitive game of the season.
"Football is also tactics, strategy, personality and motivation.
I have great confidence that my team exhibits these qualities.
The team is ready.
We want to play intelligently," said Ancelotti, who is expecting a "difficult, intense game".
The duel between the two German football heavyweights is captivating the fans.
With 81,360 spectators, the game is sold out, shared the German football league (DFL) on Friday.
Wandering from star to star in the Harz
The nation's first "astral path" is to come to life in the Harz.
It is being planned by the Sankt Andreasberg Observatory society.
There has been a planetary trail in Göttingen since 2003.
An "astral path" satisfies many Harz visitors' need for information, it is said.
It combines nature, science, exercise and athletic performance.
Members want to set up plaques along the planned route and put information about stars and constellations on them.
In a first phase, until 2018, the association is planning "easily accessible installations in five to six locations" in the Upper Harz.
In the running are St. Andreasberg, Braunlage, Hohegeiss and Sieber.
The information on the plaques is to be expanded upon online.
So good mobile network reception plays a part in the selection of locations.
Accessibility is also a criterion.
The astral path is later to be extended, step by step.
"Spectators will gain lots of useful knowledge on the astral path, for example about the physics of the individual stars," explained the society.
In addition, they will learn why stars have different colours, or why one star shines more brightly than another, although it is significantly further away.
It will also teach which constellation a selected star is located in, and when the best time to see it is.
The society has been operating the highest observatory in Northern Germany, in the small mountain town of St. Andreasberg, since 2014 already.
The location in the middle of the Harz national park is among the six darkest regions in Germany, according to information from the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation.
One can regularly clearly see the Milky Way, and even the Andromeda Galaxy, from there with naked eyes.
The university town, on the initiative of the Göttingen Planetarium friends' association, has had something similar to the astral path since 2013 – the planetary trail.
Starting at Gebhards Hotel in Goethealle, which forms the centre of our solar system, the planetary trail leads with its steles up to Hainberg and the observatory – as well as an "extra-terrestrial" location in Diemarden (Municipality of Gleichen) with the planet Sedna.
The steles with the individual planets – including Pluto, which was downgraded to a dwarf planet, at the end point – are set up at exact intervals and on a scale of one to two billion.
The Earth thus shrinks to a ball with a diameter of 6.5 millimetres, while the sun, standing exactly 75 metres away, measures 70 centimetres.
The total distance covered by the planetary trail is a good four kilometres.
While the light of the sun needs around eight hours to reach Pluto, pedestrians need a good hour to get to the stele with Pluto.
So, pedestrians are faster than light in space.
The trek to the nearest fixed star would take another half a year though.
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.
They were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
After Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.
Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?
Best of luck to you."
Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.
As the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."
"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.
"I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
I'm small for 140.
I want to come down to lightweight.
And he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.
That's what the fans are asking for.
Let's give them that."
Lomachenko agreed.
"Boxing needs this fight."
Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy he has to have Lomachenko fight a 135-pound debut bout later this year to set up a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts), who also has interest in fighting the Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell winner following their Sept. 23 lightweight title bout at the Forum.
"This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.
"We're the main names.
No other names can generate that kind of attention.
Whenever they're ready ... ."
Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.
But Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."
Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.
They both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.
"This is the fight to be made.
No other fight creates as much attention and buzz.
I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.
Said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.
It will be a great fight."
Four injured after burst tyre
In an accident on the A7 on Thursday afternoon, four people were injured, some severely.
According to initial reports, the driver of an Opel Zaifra lost control of his vehicle at around 4.30pm, shortly before the Marktbreit junction, after a burst tyre.
The car slid right into the embankment, where it overturned and then lay on its roof, on the grass verge.
The four passengers – two adults and two children – were, in part, severely injured in the accident.
While first aid was being given to the injured by the emergency services, the A7 was closed for around an hour in the northerly direction, before traffic was able to be led round the site of the accident in the left lane.
Fortunas Hoffmann: "Three at the back works better"
Andre Hoffmann hopes after the 2:2 to kick off the season against Braunschweig that the optimisation of the defence formation will bring points in Aue.
Andre Hoffmann was content with the first game of the season, and with the result too, were it not for the two own goals in the 2:2 against Braunschweig.
"That was two own goals too many, and in Aue, we have to take better care still," says the defender from Fortuna Düsseldorf.
The line of three at the back is to be optimised even further in the Ore mountains.
And the Fortunas don't want to let in any more goals after free kicks either.
"In future, no-one will stand on the line next to Michael (Rensing) any more."
Hoffmann is convinced that his team manages better with the three-at-the-back formation, even after the experiences in the build-up.
"I don't know yet how we will play in Aue," said the coach Friedhelm Funkel, but Hoachmann is sure of himself, "because in Kaan Ayhan and Niko Gießelmann, we particularly have players in the back three in the half positions that can build well," said Hoffmann.
"However, a prerequisite is that we harmonise even better together and don't commit so many passing errors in the build up."
Naturally, Hoffmann is also travelling to Aue to win the game.
"Whether after one draw though one can talk of a failed start, I don't know.
The performance could by all means be okay," said Hoffmann.
"However, if we're standing there on Sunday with four points and can concentrate on the cup, we'll certainly be able to talk of a decent season kick-off."
His coach didn't want to hear any of that.
"I will first judge our start to the season after six to eight matches," said Friedhelm Funkel, who did not wish to talk of an advantage over Aue just because the Saxony team's game in Heidenhelm had to be cut-off early due to a storm.
"Now they are effectively able to start the season with a home game," said Funkel, and Hoffman believes that the players from Aue could perhaps even be somewhat fresher, since they don't have any difficult and full games like Fortuna against one of the promotion favourites resting in their bones.
"But they don't know 100 per cent where they stand at the moment," says the Fortuna central defender.
Admittedly, the guests from the Rhineland go into the encounter on Sunday in the finally (almost) finished Aue stadium as slight favourites.
"That we are going to sweep them away just because we can claim a place amongst the top six is ridiculous," says Funkel, whose balance sheet against Aue, with only one defeat in nine games, is thoroughly positive.
"There is no team in the second Bundesliga that one has to beat from the outset," explains Fortuna's head coach.
"To give such a statement would be arrogant and presumptuous."
And Funkel does not under any circumstances want to see his players like that on Sunday.
New results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
The latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.
Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.
They are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.
To date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.
Eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."
In 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."
The tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.
According to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.
"We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The Local.
The high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.
In May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."
When newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.
The method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.
One sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
"I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.
Judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
If we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper Metro.
The Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.
The biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."
Right on target
The works on the three bridges of the L 108 road, between Lauterbach and Schramberg, are progressing well.
On Wednesday, a seven-tonne piece of concrete was installed at the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach.
"We're doing very well for time – it's going great," says Reinhold Leicht, site manager at the department of road engineering and transport in the Freiburg local government.
In April, works began on all three bridges in need of refurbishment between Schramberg and Lauterbach at the same time.
The works are scheduled to be completed in October, and Leicht is certain that the timetable will be stuck to.
The first bridge, coming from Schramberg, leads over the Trombach.
It is a vaulted arch bridge made of concrete that is covered in red variegated sandstone and has a total length of 4.80 metres.
It was built in 1900.
Like the other two bridges, it is old by now.
In order to ensure their stability and road safety, the three structures now have to be thoroughly renovated.
The two other bridges lead over the Lauterbach.
They are made of variegated sandstone.
Both were erected in 1939 and they are twelve and 10.60 metres high, respectively.
The bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach has now – as of Wednesday morning – been given a 1.30-metre-wide and seven-tonne-heavy so-called bridge parapet on its north side.
This fixes the boundary and is also used as a passenger path.
A 2.20-metre-wide bridge parapet is to be put in place on the south part of the bridge on Friday.
The pedestrian walkway is intended to then to run over that.
What is special about this is that is uses finished parts, a patent of the Schramberg company Dizwo.
The other two bridges are already kitted out with the patented bridge parapets.
Laying cables through the structure in Lauterbach required particular flair.
For a fibreglass cable also runs there, which many companies are connected to.
In the run-up to the works, residents were informed about the project via a leaflet.
Fish and crabs must also be fished out first.
For the bridges between the construction yard building and the lake reservoir in the direction of Schramberg, traffic is single-lane and regulated by lights.
For the construction works on the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach, the road in the area of the bridge, where the "Tannenhof" and "Sieben Linden" hotels are, is fully closed.
Altogether, the costs for the three bridge renovations total 700 000 euros.
The entire project is being funded by the state.
AfD in Gerolstein: Colourful protest with German potato salad
It doesn't happen that often that parties pull together, but when it concerns the Alternative for Germany (AfD), people come together who would otherwise be difficult to reconcile.
The parties who represent in the Vulkan Eifel district council (CDU, SPD, the Greens, FDP, FWG, die Linke) belong to a broad alliance that is peacefully nailing its colours to the mast on this day because the AfD are holding a "big kick-off to the election campaign" in Gerolstein Town Hall plaza.
And are launching famous names – like Alice Weidel, who together with Alexander Gauland makes up the leading duo for the Bundestag elections on 24th September, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch.
But those who have been on site for hours already before the start of the event don't want to listen to the AfD, but rather, demonstrate.
The motto: "Eifel is staying colourful."
Originally the town picnic was planned for Brunnenplatz square under the motto "everyone at one table", but now is taking place in the carpark beneath the shopping plaza – and therefore directly in sight of those coming to the AfD event in the Town Hall.
A colourful picture on show there.
And what really delighted Christa Karoli, chairperson of the Eine Welt (One World) Forum and one of the leading organisers: "It's great how many people have come together here."
There's music and all sorts of food, including a "typical German potato salad" that even the AfD would have no problem eating," said the woman who had brought it.
The police had summoned lots of officials to Gerolstein and were above all also present at the train station, which is only a few metres away from the event locations.
How did the AfD make it to Gerolstein, actually?
Mario Hompe from the Vulkan Eifel AfD reports that he strove hard to get such an event and that he won the contract.
The 45-year-old from Gönndersdorf had originally inquired in Daun, but had got a no there because there were not enough parking places available due to the St. Lawrence funfair already being set up.
So now, the shopping plaza; Hompes is delighted that "we are able to hold such a wonderful event here".
With a view to the event on the plaza forecourt he says: "It's the people's right. The main this is that it stays peaceful".
And it does: at around 8pm some entertainment is provided, by a band on the plaza forecourt, and in the town hall, by various speakers, including Rhineland-Palatinate AfD chairman Uwe Junge.
In the hall there are about 200 in attendance, waiting for the leading candidate for the Bundestag elections, Alice Weidel, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch, to give their speeches.
The police presence is unchanged, but until now the officials have had a quiet evening.
The AfD event lasts a little more than an hour; the guests in the forecourt have a long wind, but even there it is time to clear up shortly after 9pm.
The police can go away – no specific incidents.
Trombone meets trumpet
There is another chance to hear Wolfach trombonist Frederic Belli in the series of Haslach cloister concerts tomorrow, Sunday, at 8pm in the monastery church.
Together with the Bulgarian trumpeter Miroslav Petkov, he is giving a concert that carries the slogan "The Black Sea meets the Black Forest", or even, "Balkan folklore" meets a classic German education with roots in brass music.
Both soloists are winners and awardees of numerous international competitions and hold soloist positions in leading European orchestras.
So, Petkov is solo trumpeter with the renowned Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam, and Frederic Belli is solo trombonist with the SWR Symphony Orchestra.
Both have in common a passion not only for transcending the boundaries of their instruments but also for conflating the boundaries of the various genres.
So, Johann Sebastian Bach played by the two of them takes on a whole new sound, Daniel Schnyder's "Weltmusik" unites with Bulgarian folklore, and in the piece "Exchange Suits" from JazzEcho prize-winner Nils Wogram, they blend classical, jazz and free play into a fascinating complete art work.
This centrepiece of the programme had its debut performance in Freiburg this spring, to great success.
The renowned composer Nils Wogram wrote it especially for the two musicians and there's more: the Haslach monastery church, with its special acoustic, was consciously incorporated into the concert.
Kristen Stewart talks about her bisexuality
"Some people love grilled cheese and will eat it for the rest of their lives.
But I want to try everything." This is what Kristen Stewart said in total frankness on the topic of her bisexuality.
"If I bite into grilled cheese once, I think, 'Oh, that was cool, what's next?'".
The Hollywood star's most famous relationship was probably that with her "Twilight" co-star Robert Pattinson, which came apart bitterly in the end.
Despite all that, the brunette actress assures "Harper's Bazaar" magazine: "I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated.
Or did you think I was faking it?"
After their split, Kristen came out as bisexual: "I've always really lived for that duality and seriously believed in it.
It has never confused me or held me back.
I just never liked being made fun of."
She suffered from this especially in her school days, according to "Bang Showbiz", when she preferred to dress like a boy: "Not all girls are typical girls.
That really, really hurt me.
When I was eleven, kids told me I looked like a boy.
I felt really attacked, frightened and ashamed.
Now I look back and think: 'Girl, be proud of yourself!'".
She particularly doesn't like explaining her love life to the public: "People expect you to behave in a certain way, and that makes me angry.
And maybe some people call me ungrateful, but I don't like having to justify myself to the entire public."
West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties
The Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.
"Like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.
"Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."
The rally erupted in cheers.
"So tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.
"As a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."
Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
Justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.
He's worth about $1.59 billion.
Meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."
"With only 15 governorships and control of the fewest state legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the latest rejection of a party that is leaderless from top to bottom and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement to CBS News.
Coe praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal
Global athletics boss Sebastian Coe praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.
Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
He said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."
Despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
"I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president Coe told reporters.
"The whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."
Coe said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said Coe.
"We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.
The guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added
Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.
The head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.
Drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
Act of mourning for soldiers who crashed in Mali
At a memorial service in the north Hessen town of Fritzlar, around 1000 people commemorated both soldiers who lost their lives in a helicopter crash in Mali.
The ceremony took place in the cathedral city on Thursday under strict security precautions.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) remained silent on the as-yet-unexplained cause of the crash.
However, she described the two pilots who were killed as "experts in their field".
"We bow before this greatest of sacrifices that they have made in the name of the Federal Republic of Germany," she explained.
The 33-year-old Major and the 47-year-old Stabshauptmann from north Hessen lost their lives a week ago, on Wednesday, in the West African country of Mali.
Their coffins were transported back to Germany and on Thursday were brought to Saint Peter's cathedral in Fritzlar, accompanied by a wake from the German army.
At midday, the relatives first said their goodbyes in the church.
Then, amidst family and closest friends, the memorial service was begun by representatives of the German Army and the political world.
Among these were Hesse Prime Minister Volker Bouffier (CDU) and Inspector General of the German Army, Volker Wieker.
Memorial guests laid down roses, and the relatives stood arm in arm by the coffins.
The people of Fritzlar and numerous soldier followed the ceremony in front of the church on a big screen.
Defence minister von der Leyen described the killed soldiers as "highly decorated" and experienced in missions.
The Stabshauptmann is said to have helped set up flight operations of the combat helicopter Tiger in Fritzlar and was one of the first six qualified Tiger pilots in his regiment.
Volker Bauersachs too, commander of the regiment to which the soldiers belonged, said: "If this crew were not able to prevent the crash, then no-one could have".
Minister von der Leyen did not express any doubts about the UN mission in Mali: the mission was dangerous.
However, it was also of great importance "for a country from which we are separated by only two nations," she said.
After the memorial service, the coffins were brought out of the cathedral.
The Germany Army did not wish to give any indications about when or where they are to be buried.
Prince Henrik does not want a grave next to his wife
The husband of the Danish Queen Margrethe (77), Prinz Henrik (83), does not want to be buried next to his wife after his death.
The royal family shared that on Thursday.
Traditionally, the Danish royal couple are interred in Roskilde Cathedral.
The sculptor Bildhauer Bjørn Nørgaard is already crafting a sarcophagus for the two of them.
The queen is content with her husband's decision, the announcement continued.
Where Prince Henrik will be buried is still unclear.
However, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland.
Prinz Henrik had never made a secret of the fact that he was not happy with his title.
After his wife Margrethe's accession to the throne in 1972, he would have liked to have become king.
In 2016, he went into retirement and at the same time also laid aside his title of "Prince Consort".
Since Henrik did not get the title and function that he wanted in Denmark, he does not see himself as equal to his wife – not after death either, explains Lene Balleby, chief spokeswoman for the Danish royal family.
Where the last place of rest will be in the end for the 83-year-old is still unclear.
However, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland, but rather in Denmark.
He likes the country for which he has worked for the last 50 years.
Born Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, the son of a noble French family, he had got to know Margrethe in 1965 in London.
He worked on the Thames in the French Embassy.
Whereas the people's expressions of sympathy always flew to his then to be wife, Prinz Henrik had a hard time with the Danes during his almost 50-year reign.
In an autobiography, Henrik commented on his first years in Denmark: "A few months after my arrival, everything that I did was criticised.
My Danish was faltering, I preferred wine to beer, silk socks to wool socks, Citroën to Volvo, tennis to football.
Even for the Gauloises, which I smoked in place of Virginia tobacco, and which had the reputation here for being the brand of intellectuals who were critical of society, I could not hope for any leniency.
I was different.
It seemed I was happy with this position and not ashamed of it.
Those were two errors!"
Prime Minister Weil wants a snap new election
CDU and FDP face possible majority in Lower Saxony
Lower Saxony's prime minister Stephan Weil (SPD) wants the State Parliament to have a snap new election after the loss of the red-green governing majority – but he doesn't want to step down.
Weil declared himself on Friday to be in favour of a dissolution of the Parliament.
Previously, the unexpected resignation of a Green party representative from her state parliamentary fraction in Lower Saxony had plunged Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD)'s government into a stark crisis.
Five months before the official date of the state elections, the red-green coalition lost in Hanover, and with that, their scant one-vote majority in Parliament over the opposition of CDU and FDP.
Elke Twesten, up until that point a Green Party representative, justified her move with the fact that she had not been nominated for the 2018 election in her constituency in Rotenburg (Wümme).
"I see my political future in the CDU," she stated on Friday in Hanover.
CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his party to take her in.
Then the CDU and the FDP would together have 69 seats in the Lower Saxony State Parliament, and the Greens, 68 seats.
Up until now, that ratio was the other way around.
The new State Parliament will be elected as normal on the 14th January next year.
Thümler says that the red-green State Government now has to decide whether it can continue to govern in these circumstances without a majority.
However, Stephan Weil considers it imperative that the State Parliament vote to dissolve itself as swiftly as possible.
The CDU parliamentary group is expected to decide on Tuesday about how they will proceed.
The state constitution also allows for the possibility that the State Parliament declares no confidence in the Prime Minister and elects a successor.
"Our constitution offers various options.
The possibilities have to be examined in a proper legal way," said Thümler.
"All aspects will be debated in good time, if they are examined in a sound legal way."
Thümler called Twesten's move "somewhat curious though".
The politician herself stressed: "I am not a traitor.
I feel very good."
She described herself as a supporter of Black-Green.
The Greens called on the defecting representative to give up her seat in Parliament.
"We naturally assume that she will give up her seat in Parliament, which she won on a Green party ticket, with immediate effect," communicated state chairpersons Meta Janssen-Kucz and Stefan Körner.
The Green Party chairwoman Anja Piel said: "We exceedingly regret Elke Twesten's decision".
She consciously decided not to give any statement in the parliamentary group.
"Especially given the background, that there were no essential differences – we can't understand this move."
SPD candidate for Chancellor Martin Schulz denounced the crossing over of Lower Saxony Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU as betrayal.
"The behaviour of the former Green representative in Lower Saxony is not only a betrayal of voters, but also a betrayal to red-green," wrote the Social Democratic federal leader on Friday on Facebook.
He supports Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD)'s decision to let the State Parliament have new elections soon.
Twesten's resignation costs Red-Green the majority in Lower Saxony.
The politician "in her wounded vanity and in her frustration" put "her personal interests above the wellbeing of the state," critisised SPD General Secretary Hubertus Heil.
"It is a scandal that the CDU in Lower Saxony plays along in this dirty scheming and attempts to score political points from it."
Lower Saxony CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his representatives to take Elke Twesten into the CDU.
The parliamentary group leader of the SPD in the Bundestag, Thomas Opperman, accused Twesten of distorting the result of the State election in 2013 with her personal career notions.
The CDU was then the strongest power ahead of the SPD, but SPD and Greens had a wafer-thin majority of one vote in the State Parliament.
Minister of Agriculture in interview – How do we protect ourselves against poisoned eggs, Mr Schmidt?
Germany is discussing contaminated eggs.
How was it possible for the scandal to happen?
How can consumers protect themselves?
Minister of Food and Agriculture Christian Schmidt (CSU) answers our questions in interview with RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Mr Schmidt, how can consumers protect themselves against poisoned eggs?
I can only encourage all consumers to look very carefully at the eggs in their fridge and check the stamps printed on them.
The federal states are each supplying their most up-to-date information on the affected egg batches on the consumer protection portal www.Lebensmittelwarnung.de.
Affected eggs should be destroyed or returned.
Even if, according to everything we know at this point in time, a health risk is all but ruled out.
Is Aldi now adopting the best possible reaction to the crisis – removing all eggs from their offering – because the Federal Minister of Food and Agriculture is not really playing the central role of providing clear information?
Monitoring foodstuffs is a task for the federal states.
Despite that, the ministry immediately connected and has been liaising closely with the state authorities ever since it became known that Germany was affected.
All information and the risk assessment are accessible to consumers.
It is up to the trade just as much as it is the manufacturers to ensure that the products sold meet trading requirements and do not present any health risks.
For eggs, if the maximum residue level of 0.005mg/kg is exceeded, then they do not meet trading requirements.
Uncontaminated eggs, however, can be sold and consumed.
This time the businesses are not at fault.
Are production facilities and consumers in the same boat?
According to what we currently know, the production facilities are not in any way directly to blame.
In fact, due to suspected illegal practices by service companies, they have to deal with commercial claims.
As always in emergencies, there are too few inspectors.
Is it just the number of staff that is lacking, or the key competence as well?
It was actually the official controls themselves that exposed what was going on.
However, we must also remember that food fraud and criminal activity can never be 100% eliminated.
It is for precisely this reason that it is so crucially important to have such occurrences thoroughly cleared up and passed over to public prosecutors in cases where crimes could have committed.
I have already made it clear many times that I am expecting a complete resolution from the authorities in charge.
Is the alarmism that regularly arises with food scandals really necessary?
Consumers have the right to get only safe food that is approved for market.
If a prohibited insecticide is used in the food industry, consumers are quite right to be indignant.
Thanks to these adulterated products, manufacturers, retailers and consumers get into a situation that is entirely unnecessary.
Fundamentally the following has to be clear: the unlawful use of the insecticide Fipronil in the farming of food-producing animals is not acceptable and must be ended immediately.
Work must be done on this consistently and urgently at all levels.
I expect all responsible authorities to clear up the matter swiftly and completely.
How soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris
Rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.
Any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.
Financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.
Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.
Here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
Clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.
FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.
The former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
In 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.
The change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.
During the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
And despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.
"Certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
Although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.
Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.
The first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.
PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.
UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.
While a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.
That is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.
It has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.
But PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.
Past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.
UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.
They spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.
The last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
Accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.
PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
The club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.
Clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.
"It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.
"It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.
"Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.
It becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."
Swiss is on the look out for a new choccy supplier
In the last few years, Chocolat Frey has made on-board chocolates for Swiss.
Now the sweet collaboration faces a possible end: the airline is inviting new calls for tenders.
Swiss spokeswoman Meike Fuhlrott, in response to a query from news agency sda, confirmed a corresponding report from the newspaper "Nordwestschweiz" on Friday.
According to current plans, the airline will conclude a new contract in the first half year of 2018.
The products would be reviewed and undergo a quality control every two to three years.
"We are very satisfied with the current supplier Chocolat Frey," said the spokeswoman.
Every year, around 17 million small 14-gram chocolate bars packaged in red and white are handed out by the flight attendants to passengers before landing.
Swiss did not wish to make any statements on the costs.
According to "Nordwestschweiz", industry insiders estimate the order volumes to be 1.5 to 2 million francs – the Migros subsidiary generates an annual turnover of around a billion francs.
However, more important is always the advertising effect: for a chocolate producer, it is a prestigious contract.
Swiss will not disclose how many bidders there are for the new call for tenders.
However, only Swiss producers are eligible.
According to the newspaper report, Chocolat Frey wants to strive to renew the contract beyond Spring 2018.
The biggest Swiss chocolate producer was not available to the sda for a statement.
Swiss has been handing out chocolate bars on board their flights since 2006.
Before Swiss concluded a contract with the Migros subsidiary, Barry Callebaut had supplied the chocolate bars, in collaboration with Hug.
Swiss introduced the possibility of inserting a logo two and a half years ago, at the start of the collaboration with Chocolat Frey.
The airline collaborates with various Swiss chocolate manufacturers.
On long-haul flights, the first class customers are spoiled with treats from confectioner Sprüngli; in business class, passengers nibble on chocolate from Lindt, and in economy class, chocolate from Chocolat Frey.
On short-haul routes too, Swiss hands out chocolate from Chocolate Frey, both in business and in economy class.
Track-and-field discus Olympic champion Robert Harting reaches the World Championship finals
The three-time world champion is fighting for a medal in the finals on Saturday.
His brother Christoph, Olympic champion in 2016, had been unsuccessful in the national World Championship qualifier and could only watch the discus contest from the stands.
Polish title defender Piotr Malachowski also qualified for the final showdown with his first attempt, throwing 65.13 metres.
Nostalgia Goes Niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
So this iteration of the story is simultaneously nostalgic for the characters' '80s glory days; for the '90s grunge era (around when the masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter made the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV); and for itself - that is, for 2001, before its stars, like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.
As a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.
But as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.
"First Day of Camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
By doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.
"Ten Years Later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."
At one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."
Many of the core stories are the same.
Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.
And there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).
As always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.
It's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.
It's the moments of random lunacy that might power this franchise on, like a kind of recursive "Seven Up!" series, until it reaches what I assume will be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American Summer: Twenty Years Later," whose last scene will have the gang going to see the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American Summer."
"Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.
The comedy, created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas directing, purports to be found TV: a Romanian 1980s buddy-cop drama about two Bucharest officers fighting for truth, atheism and the Marxist-Leninist way.
The lead roles - hard-boiled Gregor and idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, their dialogue dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
It's a brilliant idea.
But it's not much more than an idea.
There are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).
And the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny Slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.
But "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
At six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.
Edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.
The message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.
The fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.
Blow dealt to drug mafia in the country
The police have delivered a successful blow against the Italian Mafia in Baden Württemberg.
On Wednesday morning, in the Black Forest-Baar district, numerous properties were searched in Rottweil, Konstanz, Esslingen and Stuttgart, said the Konstanz public prosecutor's office on Friday.
In the course of this, 15 accused, aged between 25 and 77, were detained and already had arrest warrants issued against them.
In addition, officials seized large quantities of marijuana and cocaine, firearms and several hundred thousand euros.
At simultaneous raids in Italy, two people were detained.
German arrest warrants were issued against the two suspected Italians.
Both of them were therefore presumably extradited to Germany.
Italian and Bavarian investigators were involved in the operation.
In total, over 300 policemen were deployed.
The mafia members were charged with organised drug-related crime, serious acts of violence, attempted murder, and robbery and extortion.
Konstanz public prosecutor's office has been investigating the drug trade in southern Germany since the summer of 2016 already.
There was an active exchange between the public prosecutor's offices in Konstanz and Palermo, and the investigators from Rottweil CID had almost daily contact with their colleagues in Sicily.
The major operation on Wednesday morning was thus attended by four officials from Palermo.
The investigations then turned their sights above all to Italian nationals with close ties to the Italian mafia.
An incident on 27th May in Hüfingen, during which several shots were fired into a restaurant in the early morning, is also likely to have been caused by the gang.
Weise complains of big holes in the Register of Foreign Nationals
"Data for citizens that ought not to be showing up there": according to a report, the Register of Foreigner Nationals in Germany is exhibiting significant defects.
This is leading to some grave mistakes in decisions within asylum procedures.
Frank-Jürgen Weise, the official appointee of the German Government for the management of refugees, has brought attention to big holes in the Central Register of Foreign Nationals, according to one media report.
Defects in the data registered there could lead to "some grave mistakes in decisions" when it comes to asylum procedures and deportations, warned Weise in an analysis received by the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
According to that information, ten million people with foreign nationality are recorded in the register, among whom around 5.7 million from non-EU states.
The data are managed by around 600 Foreigners' Registration Offices in Germany.
Because the data have not been sufficiently maintained, it said, the quality of the data has in part not been good to date.
In some cases, data from 1921 was found, "from people who have long been dead, or from citizens who became German nationals and actually should no longer be showing up in the register."
"Erroneous data entries can significantly slow down return processes," the report continues.
Moreover, within the statistics on those people who are obliged to leave the country are recorded EU citizens, who do not at all have to leave.
Such false categorisations, however, led to "a biased debate about how to deal with those who are obliged to leave the country," it says accordingly in the analysis.
Meanwhile, the German Government has apparently begun to send back to Italy refugee families with children under 16 years of age, if this is where they entered the country from.
This is emerging from an internal paper from the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF), reports the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung".
In the paper, it says that the BAMF has been once more transacting such procedures "that concern families with children – with the exception of infants and very small children – to Italy since 1st June 2017."
Since the end of 2014, that had practically no longer been possible, says the newspaper, pointing to the difficult situation on the ground.
According to the Dublin Regulation, it is the EU state the refugee first reaches that is responsible for them.
If a migrant travels further into another EU country, this state can send him back to the country he entered from.
As a means of justification, the office writes: "By now, the intake capacity for families with children who are minors has significantly increased in Italy."
Italy has provided guarantees for the intake and accommodation of families.
The European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) itself considers these pledges to be sufficient.
Other EU states too would send back refugees there using the scope of the Dublin Agreement.
The Linke party's spokeswoman for domestic poicy, Ulla Elpke, criticised this decision: "Due to shortcomings in the Italian asylum system, families with children are threatened with conditions of admission that contravene human rights and with risk to the child's welfare"
Second-best result achieved
Altogether, the blood donor service made 220 litres of blood from people living in Oberreichenbach available for others.
At least, from the twelve citizens who were honoured on Friday.
Ahead of everyone is Jürgen Greule, who has by now shared 50 litres of blood with his 100 donations.
The community traditionally acknowledges the repeated willingness to give blood in the meeting of its municipal council.
"It is ingenious how our bodies are designed for this and we show respect to the donors who make their blood available for strangers, and so selflessly," stressed mayor Karlheinz Kistner.
"One single blood donation helps multiple people," explained the district head of the on-call service of the German Red Cross (DRK), Holger Maisenbacher, for the reserves are broken down into their components.
So, as many as three people could benefit from a single blood donation.
At the same time, Maisenbacher reported on the campaigns that are to be carried out in Oberreichenbach in the spring.
"This year, we achieved our second best result ever, with 114 donors," said the DRK on-call district head.
Obviously the move into the theatre venue a few years ago led to a higher number of participants.
Already before then, Thomas Bockstadt, Susanne Reichle, Sandra Schöck, Thomas Reichle and Meta Umbeer were numbered amongst the repeat donors and honoured for having made 50 donations each.
Half as many were clocked up by Herbert Mair and Dorothee Reixinger, while Tamara Pfrommer, Petra Schleeh, Stefanie Stoll and Uwe Vetter each gave 500 millilitres of their lifeblood.
Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%
The Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.
The Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.
Policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.
In its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.
But it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.
Members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.
It will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.
In minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
On rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.
Markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.
But the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."
The Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.
It maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.
Sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.
The pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
The no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
Growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.
Its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.
It added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.
The economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
The decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.
The Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.
Prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.
Inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.
The Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.
Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage Brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.
The market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."
NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000
Patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.
NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), a pill taken before sex which has been shown to reduce the risk of infection in high-risk individuals by around 86 per cent, will now be provided by the health service through an initial three-year trial to an estimated 10,000 people.
It agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.
The move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.
Sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.
Pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.
Trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.
Taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.
Such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.
Those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.
Clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.
People living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.
The programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
The trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.
Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.
It's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'
Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.
PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.
From September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
We warmly welcome this announcement.'
Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.
Now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'
Shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.
The evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.
This trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
Now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'
Living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home
Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
It is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.
"Before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.
"I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.
I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."
Since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.
Originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
That was my requirement," she says.
To this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio Duck & Shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.
The ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.
Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.
"The steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.
"We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.
It wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."
This arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.
For the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.
Mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.
The use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.
A short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
In the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.
At the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
Giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.
Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.
What's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.
"A bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
"It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."
Thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
"At the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.
"In a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."
Here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.
"The materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
"You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.
These are important but they don't pull the heart strings."
It goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.
In fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.
Brothers fight over $500 million property empire
Two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.
Former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.
Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.
Together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.
There, the family founded Westco Jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.
It sold in 1999 for $85 million.
That money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.
Under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.
A court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.
Dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.
"The splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.
Last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.
The brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.
Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
In an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
Costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, Pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.
Ms De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.
They used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."
Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.
"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
Two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.
Both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."
Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.
Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.
Only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."
"It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
In mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.
"Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."
On Friday, that hope appeared gone.
"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.
Others have tried and failed.
Maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
If so, he will be the first.
Politico reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.
Here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:
"When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.
Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."
Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.
"If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told Politico in February.
Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."
Okay.
But the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.
Maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.
We'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.
If his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.
But no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.
Part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.
Politico - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.
This was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
"Current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.
That is what happened in late February when someone mischievously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh of being 'the source behind a bunch of leaks' in the White House.
No matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.
Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."
Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."
How'd that work out?
Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.
Perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.
Those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.
Most-wanted criminals receive post from Europol
As the address is unknown, the assistance of the population is being requested and hoped for.
Police across all of Europe are sending (virtual) postcards this summer to dangerous criminals on the run.
Since the addresses of the sought-after serious criminals are not known, they are hoping and asking for tips from the population.
Europol reported on Friday about the campaign, which follows on from the "EU Most Wanted" advent calendar from the winter.
Experience has shown that many fugitives hide out in holiday destinations, was the word from Europol.
21 postcards for sought-after criminals from 21 EU countries have been assembled.
The website www.eumostwanted has existed since 2016, and has been visited more than 2.5 million times.
It has so far been possible to arrest 36 of those being sought online; at least 11 of these are due to tips following publication on the internet site.
Travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'
Some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.
The travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.
Bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
The tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.
Furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.
One anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.
The council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.
The travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.
More arrived last night, probably even more today.'
She added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.
I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'
One local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'It is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.
The numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'
A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.
To support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
This helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'
Birkenhof becomes Waldhotel Luise
The former Hotel Birkenhof is being turned into the Waldhotel Luise.
The house just outside Freudenstadt is currently being renovated and should be opened again on 1st March next year.
That is good news for the city.
For when the Hotel Birkenhof was closed by former operating company Ambiente Betriebsgesellschaft mbH on 13th April 2014, at the time around 30,000 overnight stays per year were lost, and with that, the income from the visitors' taxes.
In the autumn of 2014, in the face of dramatically increasing numbers of refugees who were coming into the rural district, the hotel building was offered to the district administration as collective housing, which sparked controversial discussions.
The city prevented the accommodation of asylum seekers by preparing development plans to secure the area as a hotel location.
The decision passed in the municipal council back then without controversy.
Yet Freudenstadt's lord mayor, Julian Osswald, in particular, defended the hotel location and already back then spoke of serious interested parties in the establishment.
And he was right.
The Luisenhotels Group, with Managing Director Birgit Scherer, based in Bad Bergzabern, acquired the former Hotel Birkenhof at a voluntary auction in Berlin and wants to return it to being an establishment in the three-stars-or-more category, under the name Waldhotel Luise.
The group has four establishments including the Freudenstadt property.
Two of them are in Bad Bergzabern, and one is in Bad Herrenalb.
They are called Hotel Luise, Luisenpark, Parkhotel Luise and, now, Waldhotel Luise.
There has been a skip standing in front of the entrance to the former Hotel Birkenhof for a long time now, and when you enter the building, it becomes clear just how extensive the refurbishment works are that are being undertaken.
The floors have been ripped out, ceilings partly dismantled, old bath tubs taken out of the rooms.
The entire hotel building is one big construction site.
There is still a lot to do before March.
"It is truly a beautiful hotel," says Thomas Scherer in conversation with our paper.
Everything is to be redone in the Black Forest style.
The rooms are being kitted out with large, walk-in showers, the entrance foyer is being revamped, new windows are being installed.
Everything should later become "beautifully in touch with the people", is how Thomas Scherer expressed it.
"We want to make a gem of it."
Swimming pool, wellness area and a meeting room are part of the facilities.
One doesn't want to position oneself at the high level of the hotels in Lauterbad, but still at an elevated downtown level, stressed Scherer.
The Waldhotel Luise, with its roughly 60 rooms, wants to set itself up for a broad audience, explains Scherer further.
Individual holiday-makers, groups, and business people, should all feel at home in the hotel.
Scherer said that he had already had conversations with Lord Mayor Julian Osswald and Director of Tourism Michael Krause.
The city's expectations are said to be in line with those of the hotel group.
"We're on the same page."
Asked about the level of investments, Thomas Scherer doesn't want to commit himself precisely.
A little under a million euros, he reckons.
The outside facilities are also being revamped – that can already be seen.
In an inner courtyard, a large terrace is taking shape, which will be accessible from the restaurant, which is public.
Thomas Scherer is optimistic: "Freudenstadt is a good market."
Russia affair: US Special Counsel convenes grand jury
In the Russia affair surrounding US President Donald Trump, Special Counsel Robert Mueller is said to have convened a so-called grand jury, according to one report.
The panel started work in recent weeks, wrote the "Wall Street Journal", relying on sources intimately acquainted with the matter.
The newspaper judged the step to be a sign that Mueller has broadened and intensified his investigations.
The broadcaster CNN reported that the panel has already issued its first subpoenas in connection with a meeting between Trump's oldest son and a Russian lawyer.
US secret service has long been accusing the Kremlin of purposefully interfering in the 2016 presidential election campaign.
Mueller is investigating whether there was any collusion between Trump's campaign team and Moscow.
Several men who acted as Republican advisers during the election campaign are said to stand at the centre of the investigations.
According to reports, Mueller has been subjecting Trump's private and business circles to more and more scrutiny.
The "Washington Post" wrote a few weeks ago that the Special Counsel has personally shifted the centre of focus onto Trump and is investigating the charge of whether or not the President could have obstructed the course of justice during the affair.
It is the main task of the grand jury to review the available evidence in cases of possible felonies and to decide whether charges should be brought.
Grand juries are for this reason also called prosecution chambers.
They are usually engaged for major and controversial cases.
The procedure always takes place behind closed doors.
The panel may also be engaged by the public prosecutor's office to subpoena people for questioning under oath.
According to the broadcaster CNN, subpoenas have already been issued in relation to a meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
People who had been involved in this meeting had been summoned to give evidence, the report said.
They were also supposed to make documents available.
In addition to Trump Jr., Trump's adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner and his former campaign manager Paul Manafort were also present at the meeting.
Legal experts said on US television on Thursday evening that the convening shows that Mueller will not let himself be intimidated in his work and that he is willing to act quickly, should that be necessary.
However, this does not necessarily mean that the grand jury is ultimately being engaged in order to decide whether to bring charges.
Nevertheless, the convening of the panel signals the beginning of a new phase in the investigations and gives President Trump a new cause for concern.
In the midst of these new revelations, the President took advantage of a speech in West Virginia on Thursday evening in order to portray the Russia affair as a campaign of his political opponents.
"The Russia story is a total fabrication," said Trump.
He said the subject gives Democrats an opportunity "to feel better when they have nothing else to talk about."
His special adviser Ty Cobb explained in a statement that he knew nothing about the convening of a grand jury.
But it usually operates in secret, he stressed.
The White House supports any measures that speed up the work of the Special Counsel in a "fair" way.
Former head of the FBI James Comey said three times that the President was not under investigation, he said.
There is no reason to presume that anything has changed, his statement continued.
However, Mueller was only engaged after Trump had fired Comey.
Due to the sacking, accusations were raised that he wanted to obstruct the course of justice.
Comey stated before a Senate committee in June that Trump had asked him to put an end to the investigations into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
The President was under a lot of pressure because of the investigation.
As the US media portrays it, the White House gathered materials against the Special Counsel and his colleagues.
This gave rise to speculations about whether Trump wanted to dismiss Mueller.
Unlike an independent Special Counsel of Congress, such as, for example, in the Watergate scandal concerning President Richard Nixon, who later stepped down, Mueller is in a position where, in theory, he could be fired by the justice department if the President pushed for it.
However, various senators, from both parties, want to avoid such a move.
Two groups of Republican and Democratic senators proposed draft legislation on Thursday that would make it no longer so easy for the Special Counsel to be dismissed.
Antarctica: Gigantic iceberg drifts into the Antarctic
In the West Antarctic, a gigantic iceberg almost seven times the size of Berlin has detached from the ice shelf.
The Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven communicated this on Wednesday.
The over a trillion-ton-heavy and 5800-square-kilometre-big colossus is now drifting to the north and will probably need two or three years to melt.
With a length of 175 kilometres and a width of up to 50 kilometres, it is one of the largest ice giants that researchers have recorded in the last three decades.
It does not pose any danger for men.
The extent to which climate change had a part to play in the iceberg breaking off is unclear from the research scientists' findings.
Nevertheless, altogether, there have been a series of unusual collapses of ice shelves in the region for around 30 years now, writes the US research centre for snow and ice (NSIDC) in a background fact report.
Many researchers believe this could be connected to global warming.
The now detached colossus was previously a part of the Larsen C ice shelf.
Shelf ice floats on the sea and is fed by large glaciers.
It thereby grows out ever further into the sea and regularly breaks off.
The Larsen C ice shelf is located south of South America, almost at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
The equilibrium between growing and breaking off became disrupted north of this ice shelf a few years ago.
An entire ice shelf crumbled there, writes AWI researcher Daniela Jansen.
There is some evidence that the Larsen C ice shelf is in danger too, for the front edge has never retreated so far back as it currently is.
What is more, the ice sheet is under tension and could crumble if a piece breaks off at a key point.
The melting of shelf ice and icebergs do not raise sea water levels, since they float on the water and ice displaces as much water as it itself produces after melting.
However, the loss of the ice shelf leads to the glaciers feeding directly into the sea, and being able to flow out much faster than before.
The could potentially raise sea water levels, though only to a small degree, writes the British research project for monitoring the Antarctic (Midas).
According to information from the AWI, the Larsen C ice shelf, at almost 50,000 square metres, is the fourth biggest ice shelf in Antarctica.
It is up to 700 metres thick where it meets the mainland, and around 200 metres at the front edge to the open ocean.
It regularly breaks off there.
"Although this is a natural event, and we’re not aware of any direct link to climate change, this puts the ice sheet in a very vulnerable position," says Martin O'Leary from Britain's Swansea University.
"This is the furthest back that it has been since records began," he also confirmed.
There is disagreement among scientists as to whether the Larsen C ice shelf will now grow again or whether it is receding long term and possibly collapsing, said his colleague Adrian Luckman, adding: "Our models say it will be less stable."
But this development will take decades.
Even if these researchers do not attribute the break-off of this gigantic iceberg to climate change, nevertheless, very many ice shelfs in the Antarctic Peninsula have crumbled in recent decades.
This long tail of Antarctica stretches towards South America.
According to data from the research programme the British Antarctic Survey, the ice surface area of the Antarctic Peninsula has declined by 28,000 square kilometres since the 1950s.
The rise in temperatures has contributed to this decline.
The Antarctic Peninsula has warmed up by around three degrees in the last 50 years and is amongst those areas where temperatures are rising most quickly.
CDU want in-house wage agreement for staff
Since it is getter ever more difficult to fill the positions that become available, the CDU is calling for secession from the employers' association, so as to become more attractive.
Shortly before the Summer recess, the district assembly rubber-stamped 41 new posts in the administration.
More than 1100 permanent staff members and officials work for the district administration in Mettmann.
Now another 17 trainees once more have their first working day behind them.
The apprenticeship positions at the district are apparently very coveted.
There were around 620 applications recorded for the places on offer this year.
However, the district is lacking additional personnel which it needs to overcome growing demands and duties.
Currently there are 50 positions at the district of Mettmann that are still unfilled.
Sought after are, among others, doctors and engineers as well as general administrative staff.
The CDU, together with the FDP and the UWG, now wants to seize the initiative in the district assembly and counter the dearth of skilled workers in the administration.
The administration is to "work out a plan for acquiring and developing staff," in line with the wishes of the parties.
The plan is not only to satisfy short-term demand in skilled workers, but, with a view to the future, to counteract the shortage of applicants, it is reported.
The entire concept should focus internally and externally, demonstrate concrete measures for lateral entry employees, and include a training offensive, demand the CDU, FDP and UWG.
Well that does sound like a good approach.
For the district has staffing problems, the likes of which it has not seen before.
Other cities poach good officials and staff members and offer attractive conditions.
The talk is of a downright "contest between public employers".
In addition, a large number of employees are leaving service due to illness or age.
High time to act then, so that not even more positions remain unfilled.
Yet Klaus-Dieter Völker, parliamentary group leader of the CDU, is, with his party, going even beyond the joint request.
Just recently he caused a huge surprise in the district assembly when he publicly called the staff capping into question and startled the other parties.
Völker wants all avenues to be examined that enable a secession from the municipal employers' association.
"If we don't reach a satisfactory solution in the short term, the district administration should strive with the unions – perhaps also in collaboration with the district's towns – to secure an in-house wage agreement," said Völker.
The CDU are thereby attempting to pay the permanent staff and officials better than the pay-scale for public sector workers actually allows for.
Salaries are currently prescribed exactly, and there are only raises or more money when moves into a more senior level, which is based on years experience.
Yet the district's tasks have expanded more and more in recent years.
For the first time a few weeks ago, new premises had to be erected for staff to tackle the provisions of the new Prostitutes Protection Act.
Not least because of the growing number of applications for asylum, County Commissioner Thomas Hendele and District Director Martin Richter have a problem: they have too few staff.
Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.
"If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.
Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
The aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
"For us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.
"We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.
Its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.
At least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.
The crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.
Under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.
Only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open Arms.
The latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.
Among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.
"In recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.
He revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
Ascents and trials
Nine Weilermer Bikers, the "Berlin outpost", and two guest riders met in Wachenheim in North Palatinate to enjoy four days of trials and attractions.
Three chummy guides were on hand for this.
The accommodation in the Wachenheimer Tal proved to be a good starting point for the tours.
Wachenheim's Castle and Wine Festival was a welcome extra.
The first tour led along the vineyards, amidst hot summer temperatures, to the Chapel of St. Michael above Deidesheim.
There followed viewing spots, some on towers, from which one could look far and wide over the Palatinate Forest and the upstream plains.
In between, there were time and again long uphill climbs, for which long trials were the reward.
On the second day, they went to Bad Dürkheim, to the salt works and to the Wurstmarkt festival.
Again, there came vantage point after vantage point, strung together with "flowing" trials and moderate ascents.
On the last two days, lots of high altitudes were on the cards again.
Caves, rocks, towers, castles, ruins and refreshment cabins brought welcome pauses.
In Bad Dürkheim, the bikers breathed in healing salt water in the open-air inhalatorium.
They headed for Neustadt too.
After 173 kilometres and almost 4500 metres in altitude, the group had got to know the Palatinate Forest from its best side – sporty and cultural.
Console instead of turf – Bundesliga is getting ready for e-sport
Will the sports stars of the future sit in front of computer consoles instead of battling sweatily, come wind or rain, on the stadium turf?
The fact is, e-sport has long been a credible industry, a lucrative business – big stars, millions of fans and huge tournaments, complete with big salaries.
Even the top Bundesliga clubs have recognised this, and are getting more and more involved in this area.
VfL Wolfsburg took the lead in 2015, followed later by FC Schalke 04, and most recently by VfB Stuttgart, who founded an e-sport department in the middle of July and signed two pros for the computer game FIFA 17.
"By doing this, we hope to get completely new, young target groups fired up about the VfB,“ says board member Jochen Röttgermann.
He is sure "that countless more clubs are getting on board this train."
The world football association, FIFA, is organising the first "Interactive Club World Cup" this coming weekend in London, which will see gamers from different clubs compete against each other.
Alongside Schalke and Wolfsburg, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and PSV Eindhoven have qualified, to give some examples.
Robin Dutt also sees great potential in e-sport.
The ex-coach of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen is now consulting an agency for virtual footballers.
"Real football has to deal in particular with the 14-30 year olds, so that the young people still go to the stadium in the future," says the 52-year-old.
And: the clubs are trying to conquer all possible markets, above all the Asian ones.
With prominent e-sportspeople under contract, it would be possible to be present online in these markets vastly more often than the mere once a year the national team gets sent to Asia.
What exactly is it about?
In e-sport, computer games like "League Of Legends", "Dota 2", "Counterstrike" or even the football simulator FIFA are battled out on a competitive level.
Just like in the regular sport, leagues have long been established, in which the pros compete against one another.
And for the 2022 Asian Games, e-sport is already part of the official programme.
But is it even a real sport?
For many people, this notion certainly takes some getting used to.
Ingo Froböse also grappled with this question for a long time.
For the professor at the German Sports University of Cologne, e-sport is a sport, because it is competitive and features many biological and physical reactions that one also finds in classic sport – for example, a raised heart rate, stress responses, hormonal changes.
In addition, it requires cognitive capabilities, technical and tactical understanding and an ability to react quickly.
Professional gamers ought to train not only on the console, but also their bodies, and should pay attention to their diet.
"A fit player is a good player."
Froböse sees problems too though: "Doping is becoming more and more of an issue".
For online games it is difficult to implement testing, and the scene is lacking the structures of the classic sport.
The scientist positively stresses the highly integrative effect of e-sport.
The players travel internationally, it is like a big global family, and there are no intercultural barriers.
A study from consultancy firm Deloitte and the Federal Association of Interactive Entertainment Software (BIU) predicts rapid growth for the e-sport.
In 2016, it turned over 50 million euros in Germany, many through advertising, sponsorship and big tournaments.
In three years, the turnover should total 130 million.
Compared to the almost 2.4 billion euros of the football Bundesliga that is admittedly scant.
However, the e-sport is "no longer far off other established sports like handball, basketball or ice hockey," write the Deloitte consultants.
Many countries internationally are already further ahead.
Big markets are Asia and the USA, where ex-basketball player Shaquille O`Neal and baseball star Alex Rodriguez are involved in the US team NRG eSports.
Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher is investing in the e-sport bookmaker Unikrn.
In Europe too, quite a bit is happening.
E-sport has been introduced to the curriculum in a Norwegian school, says Froböse.
In the Netherlands and in France, the top division football clubs are now committed to setting up an e-sport department, according to Dutt.
"Compared with the rest of Europe, Germany is lagging behind," declares VfB board member, Röttgermann.
Simply to slide back into nostalgia and romanticise the old days is no longer enough these days.
It's about preserving the tradition of the club while at the same time aligning the business with the modern market.
"We are living in a digitalised world," says Dutt as well.
"So you can't cling on to the idea that only in football, everything stays as it always was."
Farewell poisoned eggs! The egg alternative for cooking and baking
By now, almost every Federal State has been affected by the scandal concerning poison-contaminated eggs.
Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord have reacted and withdrawn all eggs from sale across the whole of Germany.
Only eggs that are proven not to contain Fipronil are to be stacked onto shelves.
Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy
A Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.
Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.
Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.
My son was my best friend."
Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.
She had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
Dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.
"Her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
"She ended his life to better her own.
She has not accepted responsibility," she said.
"She has shown no remorse."
But Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."
However, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."
A prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.
Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
"Not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
The case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.
Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
The case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.
"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.
In the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."
Judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.
The case has divided legal opinion.
Among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.
Ms Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."
Joshua Kimmich: Learning from FC Bayern's new mini Lahm
It is no coincidence that Joshua Kimmich was allowed to take to the field as captain at the Audi Cup.
FC Bayern thinks the Confederations Cup winner is capable of a big season – a bit of extra motivation doesn't hurt.
Something was different there at his place in the dressing room; Joshua Kimmich noticed that immediately, even if the extra piece of kit was very, very small.
But since on the second day of the Audi Cup there was of course no Philipp Lahm anywhere to be seen, and no Manuel Neuer either, he simply put the band he'd been allocated on his arm.
"The coach didn't announce it", explained the Confederations Cup winner later, after his first outing as Bayern captain.
Sure, the debut could have gone better than the 0:2 against SSC Napoli.
But Kimmich could also interpret the signal from the coach as follows.
Out of the C team of youth players, debutants and pros just back from the holidays, it was not the eight-years-older Arturo Vidal that was chosen as captain, but him.
Indeed, it is those that one thinks capable, those who one wants to keep happy that one likes to give treats to the most.
And anyone chosen to take on the mantel of Lahm can do only too well with a little bit of extra motivation.
Kimmich confirmed: "That is what one wants as a player: to take on responsibility."
The 22-year-old darted over the field like a mini Lahm on Wednesday.
Right back, that's his position now; the white armband cast its habitual spell.
And in general, Kimmich looked in this starting formation like one who is best able to take to the helm.
He gave instructions, attempted to steer the out-of-practice troop.
He had an eye for the bigger picture while many others were busied with themselves.
Vidal to cover up his lack of fitness (didn't really work); Renato Sanches to live up to his performances of the Asia trip (worked, but to a limited extent); and Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Süle to not make a negative impression on their first outings in the Bayern jersey.
That worked out quite well though.
Süle took to the field alongside Kimmich, Rudy in front of the defence – both performed excellently.
The renowned Napoli attack often made heavy weather of it, and on top of that, Süle made a couple of successful attempts as the game developed.
His team mate, Rudy, admitted that the result "was not what we had hoped for".
But he too showed a decent performance on his debut.
Shifting play, changing pace: "That's the style I was brought in for".
Just how unused to new arrivals this Bayern world is could be seen after the match.
Rudy, for example, gave not one or two, but as many as six or seven interviews in the tunnels.
Kimmich took his leave after a few crisp remarks in support of his new team mates.
There was an interesting sentence to be heard from Süle there: "I've already noticed what went wrong here.
At Bayern, you just have to win every game."
He doesn't have to teach the newbies that anymore though.
Alaba motivates the ÖFB women
David Alaba believes our ÖFB women will be successful
Austria's most famous footballer spoke up shortly before the game and wished the ÖFB women all the best.
The Bayern legionnaire is, after all, practically a club mate of the ÖFB captain Schnaderbeck, and cheers our ladies on.
The tweet from the Austrian Footballer of the Year and Champions League winner was intended to give a special injection of motivation.
Our ladies could perhaps also do with a bit of that famous Bayern luck.
Companies happy with Rhineland-Palatinate minister: Industry praises Wissing's speed
The relationship between the state and local industry often proved irreconcilable when Evaline Lemke (The Greens) was still Rhineland Palatinate's Economic Affairs Minister.
This is evident after more than a year of the new Economic Affairs Minister, Volker Wissing (FDP) being in office.
Chambers and companies from the region are responding to a TV enquiry by speaking of a change in economic policy – and at the same time rebuke the old minister.
Frank Natus, chairman of the association of Trier companies Vereinigung Trierer Unternehmen (VTU) says: "Wissing is addressing the wishes of the industry, all of which Lemke blocked."
Natus considers the biggest U-turn to be in infrastructure policy: linking the A1 motorway between Kelber and Adenau is now right at the top of the state's list of priorities.
The Ministry hopes that planning procedures will be in place this year already, and the construction rights should hold until 2021.
The Trier western bypass also plays a role in the state's plans, being in the priority need category of The Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan.
The goal is to put the stretch into service in December 2020, says ministry spokesperson Cornelia Holtmann.
Natus sees in this a roadmap for supporting regional, but internationally competitive, companies.
The Trier Chamber of Industry and Commerce (IHK) is striving, as spurred on by Wissing, to achieve a Rhineland-Palatinate label for wine, in order to increase sales in supermarkets and stop the trend of the last ten years of sagging German wine exports.
In addition, Wissing is said to have a sympathetic ear for people who want to found their own company, the IHK applauded.
The Trier Chamber of Trades sees an additional incentive for young trainees in the new master bonus, says manager Matthias Schwalbach.
A prize of 1000 euros is envisaged for passing the master craftsman examination, and 2500 euros if graduates become self-employed within ten years of their master craftsman training.
The state's list of homework assignments remains long though.
Facts have to presented quickly for the road construction planned, and at the same time the state is lacking the necessary human resources, says Jan Glockauer, Managing Director of the Trier IHK.
Of the 56 new engineers that Wissing wants to employ at the Federal State Office for Mobility, only 29 posts have been filled thus far.
The IHK is pressing for more contracts to be awarded to external offices.
Deputy leader of the CDU parliamentary faction Christian Baldauf points to calculations from the Court of Auditors: in 2017 and 2018, the state is investing more than 20 million euros less on maintaining federal state roads than recommended.
Frank Natus is also still expecting the state to put forward a policy as to how it wants to remedy the lack of skilled workers in the region.
Also sobering is the expansion of broadband in the state up until now.
In 2016, in an IHK survey, local companies had evaluated the mains supply with a mark of only 3.4.
They complained about sluggish internet connections and outages.
Ex-Minister of Economic Affairs Eveline Lemke, on the other hand, is currently out of politics and is still sitting on the supervisory board of wind energy company Pro Wind.
Lemke left the Green party in April in order to become president of a private university in Karlsruhe – from where, after four months, she has already bid a retreat due to disagreements.
Audi to Modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash
A day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
The BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.
None of the companies described the moves as recalls.
European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
But the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.
The cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
As German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.
The companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.
Several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
Last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
The former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
Early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.
The inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.
The raft on the Isar had this message on Saturday
The city wants to protect the Isar.
So that visitors to Isar play their part, a raft travelled through Munich on Saturday morning with a special message.
Anyone drawn to the Isar again on Saturday will see a large raft there, between Flaucher and the Reichenbach bridge.
An no normal raft that is, with Isar tourists.
Rather, the building department wants to get a message across.
There is a large information banner to be seen on the raft.
It depicts a mountain of rubbish.
The prelude to a publicity campaign that wants to call upon visitors to Isar.
Using the motto "True love is...", the aim is to strengthen understanding for the Isar as a wild river deserving of protection.
Last summer, the raft travelled over the Isar already, and this year too, there are further campaigns and measures to bring about thoughtful and environmentally aware behaviour.
Mordillo's bulbous noses and laughing in the face of sorrow
Mordillo was for a while one of the most-published cartoonists; his figures' bulbous noses are his trade mark.
Even at 85, the Argentinian still draws and is working on a film.
His message: Laughing, "Because there's too much sorrow in the world."
Guillermo Mordillo was born on 4th August 1932 in Buenos Aires, the son of a Spanish immigrant.
In his first years as an artist he struggled along as an illustrator for celebration cards, amongst other things – which frustrated him.
"The happiest day in my professional life was the day I lost my job," he once said.
Following posts in Lima, New York and Paris, at the end of the 60s he finally got his breakthrough: when his cartoons were published in "Paris Match" and then in the "Stern" as well, and other leading magazines around the world.
Even in China, Mordillo found many fans.
The artist always let himself be inspired by cities.
Large, rounded Mordillo figures cavort around in his drawings with the leaning tower of Pisa, Big Ben in London and the Red Square in Moscow.
In the early morning, he sits at his drawing desk, still today according to his own statements, and works almost ten hours a day.
On calendars, puzzles, books for young and old, t-shirts, soft toys and clocks, his whimsical figures are still disseminated widely around the world.
In addition, he has been working for six years on an animated film and a TV series with his figures.
The main character in the film "Crazy Island" is a giraffe – Mordillo's favourite animal in his drawings – who has a millipede as his nemesis.
His figures are speaking for the first time in the 3D film, which should hit cinema screens in 2019.
“I don’t know exactly what they are going to say; it is odd for me," says Mordillo.
The screenplay was not written by him.
Therefore he is focussing rather on the TV series, which, like his original drawings, is being produced without words.
Provence lavender under threat from climate change
It has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.
Lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.
Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "Lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.
This affects the lifespan of lavender.
There's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."
And a lot is at stake.
As well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.
Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
So we have fewer parts with essential oil."
Solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.
The small town of Geisa in the Thuringian Rhön Mountains is today celebrating its 1200-year anniversary.
The highlight of the festivities will be this Saturday and Sunday, with a Medieval festival.
On these days, you should be able to experience grocers, guilds, merchants, vagrants or a Landsknecht camp in the town centre.
A journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
The staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.
But on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.
It's important to change their routines, they are told.
Two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
Security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.
They ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
There are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.
There is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, more and more of them are journalists: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists; 589 under federal protection after attacks and threats; and so far this year, at least seven dead in seven states.
Among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
"The greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.
His absence is felt deeply, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez displaying his middle finger, with the word "Justice," hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building; two reporters on their 30s, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that display his smiling, bespectacled face or his trademark Panama hat.
The workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
Although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists.
As with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.
At Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.
Without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.
"It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
"As long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."
On the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.
He managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as Twelfth River.
The gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.
Valdez was 50 years old.
He left a wife and two adult children.
Rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.
But on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.
Since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
Never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.
Forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.
Despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.
He believes two errors contributed to the killing.
First there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.
The piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.
The second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.
Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
He'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.
He was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.
In Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.
Over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.
Reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.
Eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.
That same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.
He freely acknowledged that he was frightened.
"I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
Drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
"You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"
The Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
They relied on his routine.
He would always wear his hat.
He would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.
Now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?
His death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
"They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.
"Those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.
The result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.
Trusting one's instincts.
If it smells wrong, stay away.
The trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."
The old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
The landscape constantly shifts.
In the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
Outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.
They were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.
It has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.
For this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.
There was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.
They also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.
And there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
There was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.
A reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.
Recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
Just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.
"Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.
"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.
Reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.
Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
A burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.
Nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
On this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.
At a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
She has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.
In his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.
The media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.
"In Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.
Clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.
No one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.
Her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."
A computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
Some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
Others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.
In 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"
Some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
It's a wrenching decision.
It's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.
And sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.
For those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.
Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.
"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
At midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.
A series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
The war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.
From the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.
The front page would have to be changed the next day.
Sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.
Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.
If they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.
Beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.
"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"
Dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies
At first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.
Now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.
It was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.
The report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'
The fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
It's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'
The armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.
It was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
He hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.
The fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Paleontology.
They spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
After all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.
'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
'It will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'
By studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.
The heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.
This would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.
The 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
Researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.
The amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and armour across its body.
They discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
Although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.
It suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.
But most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.
'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.
Chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.
Scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.
They believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.
At that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.
'This nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.
'The result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.
You don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'
The Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.
Although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.
They include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.
The scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.
The creature was found by Shawn Funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
According to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.
The creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
It featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.
The researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.
But the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
The fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.
As Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.
The more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.
Fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.
Its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.
I can count the scales on its sole.'
In the storm: pile-up on the A8: four injured
Serious accident on Thursday evening on the A8: just shy of 30 vehicles were caught up in a mass collision.
There are numerous people injured, kilometre-long queues – and rubberneckers.
On the motorway between Stuttgart and Munich (A8), around 20 people were injured late on Thursday afternoon in a mass collision.
According to initial police information, just shy of 30 vehicles, among which were probably also lorries, had crashed into each other during a storm at around 5pm between the Adelzhausen and Odelzhausen junctions (in the rural district of Aichach-Friedberg).
No information is initially available about the precise number of injured people.
There are mild to moderate injuries, said a police spokesperson.
There was a big squad of rescue vehicles at the scene of the accident.
The A8 was completely closed in the direction of Munich.
A roughly 10-km long tailback formed in the direction travelling towards Munich.
As an AZ journalist reports, there were massive disruptions in the opposite lane as well – due to numerous rubberneckers.
The fire brigade noted down the registration numbers of the drivers, who are now expecting severe penalties.
Shortly after 6.45pm, there was then a second accident on the A8, this time between Augsburg and Dasing.
A collision between a car transporter and a passenger car had occurred.
A rescue helicopter was underway to the scene of the accident.
Deutsche Bahn: Company trials "comfort check-in"
It is a moment that practically everyone has experienced at one time or another: without expecting it, you're sitting in the train asleep.
Or one is buried deep in one's work and has just had a genius idea.
And then: bang.
The conductor comes and rudely awakens you, or tears the passenger from the midst of his workflow.
Ticket inspection.
But the days of being interrupted will soon be over.
Deutsche Bahn is currently trialling conductorless ticket inspection.
One simply uses one's mobile to confirm that one has taken one's seat, thereby validating the ticket.
Trial operations are currently running on two lines.
"If the service is well-received, we'll extend it.
It will then probably be available at the beginning of next year on many additional long-distance lines across Germany," said a spokesperson for the railway.
The railway is calling this conductorless ticket validation "Comfort Check-in".
In order to use it, however, a few conditions must be met: you need a smartphone or a tablet.
And you have to have booked an online ticket – which most passengers do already anyway.
In addition, you have to have bought it over the Railway's app, the DB Navigator, which is the most convenient way to book a ticket in any case.
And lastly, you need a seat reservation.
For "Comfort Check-in" works like this: you get on board the train and call up your ticket in "My Tickets".
The trial customers will then see a button for electronic validation.
The train attendants receive a notification on their mobile device saying that passenger X is onboard the train and has occupied booked seat Y.
If the train attendant comes to seat Y during ticket inspection, he knows that there is a passenger there with an already validated online ticket.
So you can carry on sleeping, working, doing nothing.
The "Check-in" has two advantages: one for customers, and one for the railway – which, in turn, should benefit passengers.
"Anyone who wants to travel in a relaxed fashion, without having his/her ticket inspected by our on-train staff, simply checks in him/herself in the DB Navigator.
This allows passengers to personalise their journey time in the train," says Michael Peterson, Director of Marketing at DB Fernverkehr.
A second plus: "And our employees will have more time than they currently do to see to the needs of individual customers".
Anyone who travels by train a lot knows that, alongside delays and missing your train, ticket inspection is one of the biggest annoyances.
For often you yourself, or, in any case, one of your fellow passengers, doesn't have all the documentation on them that one needs to validate an online ticket.
Either the credit card is missing, or the ID card, or some other document that one needs to show.
The result is endless discussions between the train attendant and passenger, which leads to a bad atmosphere in the compartment or wider area and delays in one's own ticket getting checked, and ultimately it takes away the conductor's time to see to other matters.
Only a small number of trial customers can use the new service as of yet.
And only on the connections ICE 915, between Dortmund and Stuttgart, and ICE 912, between Stuttgart and Essen.
Other train numbers on the same line have not yet been enabled.
How one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'
On Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.
Just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
She stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.
"The police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.
Confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
A user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.
The St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
He posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.
"This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.
But death was nothing new for her and her community.
She put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield Drive.
There were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"
She watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
In another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."
"'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.
"'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'
In that moment I felt chills.
I was angry and crying."
She booked a return flight and went home the next day.
After landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.
What happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.
It's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.
As Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."
"You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.
"We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.
"This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.
She needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
She needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.
Even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."
The first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.
There Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.
They prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.
Slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
"My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student Nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.
"I had no experience in organizing.
It all just came."
Weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.
Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.
A question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"
That skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.
As Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."
Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.
His involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.
"This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.
"That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."
While the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.
As a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.
"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.
"But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."
Moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
Two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.
"Black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.
Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."
Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."
She insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.
"She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.
"It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.
You can feel her energy through the screen."
Meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.
Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
She describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."
Still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
It is our duty to win.
We must love and support each other.
We have nothing to lose but our chains."
From "dream" to "megalomania": TV readers discuss the Bit Galerie
The Bit Galerie is moving people although it is still far from being built.
But the idea of a shopping centre at the south end of the pedestrian zone has been splitting the population into those for and against since its first presentation in 2009.
There is barely anyone left indifferent to the matter.
The topic is also being discussed on our Facebook page, "Volksfreund Bitburg".
Whereas some say of the Bit Galerie, "That would be a dream" (Anja Becker) or, "That would be really fantastic" (Nicole Schausten), from the other side we hear, "No-one needs that" (Siggi Betzen) or, put quite bluntly: "Megalomania!" (Lars Scholz).
Whilst those in favour count on the gallery drawing more customers into the town, which would benefit the other businesses as well, opponents fear that the pedestrian zone will then be haemorrhaged.
In addition: The gallery is being planned for exactly the plot where the covered farmers' market is, where 13 direct sellers offer their products.
When construction begins, that will be the end of that.
The Galerie creators want to integrate a covered market into the new building – and, indeed, towards Beda Platz, with the possibility of sitting outside.
Simone Zimmer: "We have been shopping almost weekly in the covered market for years now.
Principally our eggs, but also, always with great pleasure, the delicious cakes of our rural women.
We have also discovered the butcher's for ourselves.
We hope that also while the Galerie is being built, but above all after, there will be the chance to maintain this offering.
That's what they have in other cities too.
The small covered market in Frankfurt, in particular, is interesting."
Gerd Densing: "Whether direct sellers settle in a covered market in the gallery depends on the level of the rent.
But that is not exactly likely to be low for the new project."
Eva Kilic: "Why a shopping palace in Bitburg?
Whether clothing, shoes, drug stores or supermarkets: I find it unnecessary.
There are plenty of those in our city already.
One sees, though, how many shop premises stand empty here – some for months and years.
However, since there is not even a regular weekly market here, it is all the more important that we at least get to keep the covered market.
For after all, the goods on offer there are fresh, are largely offered directly by the producer, and are good value to boot.
As you see, shop premises in shopping centres are only rented by big companies, because the rents there are often not tenable for retail traders.
Shame – there are hardly any specialist shops left any more and those that are still around will then probably also disappear."
Wolf Fandel: "A shopping centre with a covered market doesn't match up for me.
And the Galerie doesn't suit Bitburg.
In particular: Where should the covered market go while construction is ongoing?
The old Edeka would be the solution – even in the long term, if the Bit Galerie does actually arrive eventually.
Or is the spectre of the Bit Galerie managing even ahead of time to drive all businesses out of Bitburg?"
George Marquet: "It simply will not work.
And a shopping centre that stands empty – no-one needs that either.
In my opinion, it would be better to support a proper farmers' market, instead of this Galerie.
But there is no space left for a covered market thanks to the crazily large number – as I see it – of pointless construction projects in Bitburg
If the covered market is destroyed, then another piece of culture will disappear."
A Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA
In the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.
The 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
Manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.
The new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.
It's the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combines her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose sentence was commuted by Barack Obama when he had just three days left in office.
By algorithmically analyzing DNA extracted from Manning and using it to create 30 portraits of what someone with that genomic data might look like, Dewey-Hagborg has created a trenchant, if somewhat cerebral, commentary on not only the malleability of DNA data - the many ways it can be interpreted, and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also identity.
Manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six Espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.
From prison, her image was repressed, so much so that there was just one photo - a granular, black-and-white selfie in which Manning, visibly uneasy, sits in a driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she became associated.
In 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger Visions.
In it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.
That was when she received an email from Paper Magazine.
"They were conducting an interview with Chelsea Manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
And she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.
The artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
They even created a comic book, Suppressed Images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.
That Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.
There's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.
When asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."
In an artist statement written on the gallery's wall, Manning's super-sized signature below it (the "i" in her last name dotted with a heart), called for an end to the "automatic factionalism that gender, race, sexuality, and culture have been the basis of."
On the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of Cs and Gs and As, written in pencil.
By including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.
"What I'm hoping that people will take away from this is that our genome doesn't care about who we are, and how open genetic data is to interpretation, how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, Spurious Memories, is also on display.
"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."
The final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.
It shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.
"When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.
"So never shut up."
"It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.
"I get goosebumps still talking about it."
Manning hasn't seen the exhibition in-person yet - as was so presciently imagined in the comic book - but when she does, she'll be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra congregated like hordes of protesters.
That was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
"In the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.
"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."
Northwestern Professor and Oxford University Employee Wanted for Homicide
A nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.
On Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.
The documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.
A community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
Officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza Apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.
Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.
Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.
"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.
Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.
A spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."
The statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
Chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.
"Police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.
Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.
Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.
Police described the scene as very gruesome.
Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.
Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.
"We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.
The management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
"We'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).
"A certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
The WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.
The PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code Compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.
According to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.
"Everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
And the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.
One of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
Referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.
All measures have been implemented.
But there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."
Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.
Talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
No one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
It was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.
Following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
Aldi is selling no more eggs for the time being
This was announced by the corporate group.
It is a purely precautionary measure, and beyond that, no adverse effects on health can be assumed, said the announcement.
With immediate effect, only eggs that have been proven to test negatively for fipronil-containing anti-lice agent may be delivered to Aldi.
With the move, Aldi wanted to create clarity and transparency for its customers.
The start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber
Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.
Responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.
And even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.
"It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
So she called in outsiders for help.
A new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.
By building and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, they allow companies to do snap polls, target specific teams and demographic groups, offer employees anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistle-blowers to bypass C-suite executives and go straight to the board of directors.
"You've now got tools such as Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where's the Fitbit for your company?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.
In addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.
Companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.
For start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.
The global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.
Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.
Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
Uber recently signed up as a client.
Like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.
It also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.
And if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
"The court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.
If a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
Previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.
It was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.
Now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.
"And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."
Companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
But it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.
"Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
Both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.
It's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.
Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.
Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.
These investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.
There's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.
In competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.
Employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.
"When people are happy to be at a company, feel their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is rewarding, they are more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of global benefits and employee experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.
Investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.
If third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.
Having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.
But the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.
In fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.
And if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.
"If you're going to ask for 4,000 suggestions, you need to be prepared to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.
"Because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?
Do you care?
And if you don't care, why should I care?' "
Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.
And, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
Over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.
"If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.
"And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.
And when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."
The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins
It's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.
Some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.
For a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.
Players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.
"This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.
The NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.
That's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.
The trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
They are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.
Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.
"We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.
"And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.
I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."
UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.
Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.
"We will have security," Mora said.
"That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.
If you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.
But we'll have security there and we'll have security up in Parking Lot 8.
We'll do the best we can with what we got.
I'm not going to worry too much about it.
We have a plan in place."
Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news
Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.
The company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.
Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
The issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.
On Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
"In addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.
She added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.
Building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story
In its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.
But Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
"What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."
Spanning the middle ages to the Edwardian era, A Castle in England documents the families that lived in Scotney, with each story illustrated by a different, upcoming UK artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
It is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's Teeth and Other Stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
"I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.
"That's his thumbprint!
And letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.
To someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.
Ah, I love archives!"
For someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.
Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
He wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.
Then at night, he'd "drink whiskey and get writing."
The intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
When Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."
Diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.
Just let it go, guys!"
Some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' Revolt.
"There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.
"The Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.
Maybe the two are connected?"
Other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
Or The Smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).
The Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
Different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."
With his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.
He has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
But Scotney holds a special place for him.
"I was sad to leave," he says.
"It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"
Campaign launched: over 300-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf encased
By encasing the 301-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf, the town of Bad Honnef launched their campaign to introduce a new umbrella brand (Thursday's Rundschau).
Mayor Otto Neuhoff and his marketing team, led by Nelson Artz, want to keep the logo and slogan a secret still, until Thursday.
At the end of August, as the climax of the campaign, there is to be a festival on the island of Grafenwerth.
"Too beautiful for us,
are you?" The campaign authors have been asking this, on posters on the Rhöndorf chapel, since yesterday.
"We don't really think that (of course!)," they write on their website, activated yesterday.
"But we are using this initiative to get your attention.
And to bring home that some things are better than they seem.
In actual fact, we are firmly convinced that we, as residents of Bad Honnef, are well aware of the beauty and attractiveness of our town."
The initiative is about more than "just" a logo and a slogan, it continues.
"A stand-alone pledge has to be formulated, one that lends the town an unmistakable unique selling point."
Ultimately, it is in competition with other municipalities.
The town of Bad Honnef has given itself a moderate five-figure amount for the costs of its new umbrella brand and the campaign.
Military reform in Turkey – Erdogan's fear of the army
Every year in Ankara at the beginning of August, the highest military council (YAS) advises on retirements and promotions in the officer corps.
So too this week.
At first glance, a normal procedure.
But nothing is routine in the Turkish armed forces one year after the coup attempt.
The meeting was no longer held in the general staff building as previously, but rather in the Prime Minister's official residence.
Taking part in the discussions chaired by the head of government were now also the five vice premiers, as well as the ministers for defence, the interior, justice, and foreign affairs.
The civilians were thus in the majority in the YAS.
The government is tightening the reins on the military.
Chief of Staff Hulusi Akar remains in office, but the commanders of the army, the air force and the marines were removed.
Since the failed coup, head of state Erdogan has fired 169 of the 326 generals and admirals.
Over 10,000 soldiers were removed from the ranks of the army – mostly due to alleged connections to the movement of exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom Erdogan sees as the mastermind behind the coup attempt.
As of this week in Ankara, trials are being held against 486 people who are said to have been directly involved in the coup attempt.
Already on the day after the coup, Erdogan described the attempt at overthrow as a "gift from God", since it gives him the opportunity to "completely cleanse" the armed forces.
But does Erdogan really have control over the army?
At the end of February, the newspaper "Hürriyet" published an article with the headline "Unease in the military headquarters".
There are concerns among the general staff of an increasing "Islamisation" of the army, which manifests itself, among other ways, in the lifting of the headscarf ban for female soldiers, wrote the paper.
The big clean-up of the army and the security forces is continuing anyway.
In the middle of July, Erdogan fired, by decree, an additional 7395 public servants, among whom were 2303 policeman and 546 soldiers.
In doing so, it seems as if Erdogan has tamed the military.
Previously, the generals were deemed the true authorities in the country.
Three times they staged a coup, invoking their role as guardians of the secular state order.
After an election victory in 2002, Erdogan has been pushing back the strength of the military bit by bit, not least by invoking the reform guidelines of the European Union.
Former officers say that Erdogan is purposefully promoting Islamisation of the armed forces.
In the magazine "Vocal Europe", an unnamed officer, who sought asylum abroad after the attempted coup out of fear of persecution, warned that the Turkish army would be "full of extremists and Salafists" in a few years.
If that is true, Nato would not be able to be indifferent to such a development.
In any case, after the purges, there is doubt in the alliance concerning the Turkish army's readiness for action.
The governance structures and operational capabilities are "weakened", say Nato diplomats.
Washington Changes the Green Card Rules
There is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.
It envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
The new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.
The draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.
The law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.
This new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.
Minister wants line renovated for Rennsteig shuttle
In recent months, there have been constant arguments about the future of the Rennsteig shuttle – now it is said to be moving very quickly.
There are plans to build on the dilapidated stretch of track, on which the tourist trains travel, before the end of the year still.
In order to ensure the long-term future of the Rennsteig shuttle, construction works should begin on the line this year already, according to reports from the Ministry of Transport.
"In taking the decision to continue to commission and to renovate the Ilmnau-Rennsteig line, the state acknowledges that this is an important connection, above all for tourism," stated Transport Secretary Klaus Sühl on Friday in Erfurt.
He estimated the costs for the repairs to the line to be around 2.5 million euros.
The state is taking on 75 per cent of this amount.
The contract, on the basis of which, the shuttle is to be commissioned by the state in the future as well, is currently being finalised, explained Sühl.
The ministry and Süd-Thüringen Bahn, as operators, are said to already be in agreement over the technical details.
"The timetable, the vehicles used and the quality standards have thus been negotiated," said Sühl.
The planned contract between the ministry and the train company is being concluded for a period of eleven years.
The Rennsteig shuttle should therefore be commissioned as normal from December 2017.
The Rennsteig shuttle is a train connection between the stations of Ilmenau and Rennsteig, beloved above all by tourists.
In past months, as part of a pilot operation, there were tests to see whether the line gets used by a large enough number of people for it to continue to be commissioned as normal in the future.
The line is very run-down in places.
The rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
Just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.
Yep.
Sex robots are a big deal right now.
Recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.
According to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
Customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.
"People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.
Modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.
The user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.
But it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.
Modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.
The RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
Then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True Companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
"Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True Companion website enthuses.
So she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.
She also has moods during the day just like real people!
She can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"
There are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on Frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.
On its website, True Companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
"If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.
However, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.
Their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.
Most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.
But what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.
And many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.
There is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
The most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.
The Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.
The aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.
Their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.
But, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.
They cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.
They have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.
They are pleasant slaves, in other words.
Or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.
Trump's great feat?
Making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense
It has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.
Around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
We are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.
Less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.
I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.
She reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
With Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.
Around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.
The left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.
When we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.
There is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.
I find myself actively nostalgic these days for Mitt Romney's quaint version of crazy - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem very mild offences indeed.
When Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.
While my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.
The horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.
So many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
Thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss Cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.
The Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.
If I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.
In a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.
In the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.
The effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.
The poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.
Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains
This is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.
Last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.
Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.
He killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.
Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.
Prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.
The National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.
Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.
There is no death penalty in South Africa.
When farmer Arnold found a curious egg
As the last amongst the schools in Blumberg, the fourth graders from Fützen and Epfenhofen were let go for the holidays and sent forth for secondary schools.
Three of the graduating students will be going to the Gymnasium secondary school, and four to the Realschule.
School headteacher Angelika Sitte greeted parents and public representatives in the Biesental community centre in Epfenhofen on Tuesday evening.
As a symbol for the school graduation, the 29 students from the fourth grade, under the leadership of Sophia Schumacher and Regine Meder, chose an eagle that is growing up in the chicken yard, but will be then released into the wild.
Added to this, the lively bunch performed a musical with the title "The Eagle in the Chicken Yard."
Farmer Arnold found a curious egg and had his chickens hatch it.
Instead of a chick, a small eagle emerged.
Yet hopes of making a chicken out of it were dashed; the eagle spread its wings out on a high mountain and vanished.
Afterwards, grades three and four performed a chicken dance, staged by Yvonne Frank.
The hens danced in competition with the young roosters, who were wearing top hats.
The eagle stands for integration, said headteacher Angelika Sitte.
The young animals may well be different from the other young animals (chicks), but belongs amongst them.
Though it will never be like a chicken.
It is its destiny to be free.
She wished for every fourth grader that he/she would feel accepted in his/her new school.
There followed a word of thanks to her colleagues, the former headteacher Michael Müller, who is always filling in when there are teacher shortages, and the parent representatives.
The time as chicks is now over, explained class teacher Sophia Schumacher.
She releases her students only very reluctantly, after two years of teaching, for it has been a really fantastic time.
In the end, she was able to depend on the fourth graders.
To close, all the students raised a song, with Summertime and Holiday Time.
That brought out a lot of joy from the children.
There are already eight first graders registered for the new school year.
Two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece
Two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.
A group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.
The same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.
The ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.
The Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.
Checks will continue throughout the season.
The ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
Software update for diesel vehicles: What those affected now need to know
How exactly is the software update taking place?
Do diesel drivers have to take part in the initiative?
The most important questions and answers at a glance.
At the Diesel summit, BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW Group offered software updates for around 5.3 million cars in total.
They are intended to improve exhaust emission properties for cars classed under Euro emissions standard 5, and, some under Euro 6.
Euro 4 diesel or worse are excluded.
Anja Smetanin from ACE Auto Club Europa gives her assessment:
Is the new initiative compulsory?
No, the brokered software updates are voluntary.
"The compulsory updates prior to this apply only to vehicles that have emissions test scamming software," says Anja Smetanin.
The Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA) has ordered that they be retrofitted.
How and from when are customers being notified of updates?
The manufacturers have announced that there will be swift implementation in the coming months, but have not specified any precise deadline yet.
Daimler has advised those affected to write to them.
If an inspection is due anyway, this will be settled during the course of that.
How long are the retrofittings likely to drag on for altogether?
"Difficult to say," says Smetatnin.
It depends on the commitment of the manufacturers and political pressure.
"For we have seen that thus far, car manufacturers have not been acting of their own accord when it comes to matters of the environment."
How long should the update last?
The retrofitting itself could last only three to four hours in the garage.
It could be more laborious getting an appointment.
What do car drivers do who don't drive a car by BMW, Daimler, Opel or the VW Group?
The ACE advises waiting.
Foreign manufacturers would apparently follow suit, said Smetanin.
Is there now the threat of a massive price collapse in Euro 4 cars?
The ACE fears that.
But just in those regions where there are threats of driving bans.
In rural areas, there have as yet been no drops in value for older diesel cars.
The ACE advises still waiting before selling.
LL Cool J receives Kennedy Center honours
The Kennedy Awards Gala is one of the most glamorous events in Washington.
The first honours ceremony under President Trump promises to get political.
One of the award winners does not want to come – out of protest.
LL Cool J (49) is the first rapper to receive one of the coveted awards of the renowned Kennedy Center.
As the cultural establishment announced on Thursday, singers Gloria Estefan (59) and Lionel Richie (68), as well as choreographer Carmen de Lavallade (86) and the TV producer Norman Lear (95) are also among those being honoured.
The awards are handed over at the beginning of December.
As is tradition, US President Donald Trump will host a reception and will take part in the presentation of awards, together with his wife Melania.
For this reason, the award-winner Lear, made famous by a series of TV shows, already announced that he would not be attending the gala.
He said to the "New York Times": "This presidency has decided to completely turn its back on the arts and human rights – even take funding away from them – and that upsets me."
The 59-year old Estefan stressed that she would use the conversation with Trump to make her point of view clear.
The Kennedy Center, named after former president John F. Kennedy, is the biggest cultural establishment in the US capital.
Former prizewinners include Meryl Streep, Aretha Franklin, Robert De Niro, George Lucas, Tom Hanks and Sting.
We're making the city liveable
Roland Wacker, municipal architect in Haslach, is going into retirement next year.
The post has already been advertised – suitable applicants, though, are few and far between.
Wacker has been municipal architect for 31 years.
And he still finds the work a lot of fun, as he conveys in the press meeting.
He reports of varied, but also demanding, tasks that await his successors.
At the same time, it surprises him that up until now no application has satisfied the job profile.
The city is looking for an architect or civil engineer at the earliest possible opportunity.
This should then allow enough time for induction training – observing usual notice periods.
As Haslach serves as the lower board of building regulations for the joint association of administrations, applicants have to hold appropriate qualifications.
For the town wants to maintain this role at all costs.
If it could no longer fulfil it, citizens would have to travel to Offenburg for advice.
But accessibility for citizens is important to the town and to him too, says Wacker, who reports of a good working atmosphere and a cheerful mood between authorities and citizens.
In more than 30 years in office, Wacker has amassed several significant projects that he looks back on with pride.
"We're making the city liveable," is something he is certain of, re: the building authorities and his colleagues.
But in the future too, there are diverse projects on the agenda: the redesign of a former Hukla plot and of the Niederhofen carpark, for example, have been initiated.
The Kinzig bridge between Bollenbach and Steinach is being renovated, and refurbishment of the stadium is still a topic.
The latter alone will cost as much as 1.5 million euros "if we do it properly", estimates Wacker.
"All in all, there are great tasks awaiting my successor.
The work here is fun."
There is a lot of scope for creativity for a municipal architect.
With Haslach's own building yard and garden nursery, there is a lot that can be responded too with a high level of flexibility.
"One can affect a lot," says Wacker, and the design of the green spaces is often mentioned with praise by citizens and visitors.
Since the old town as a whole has protected building status, it is important "to have an eye for what fits in" if new buildings are approved, stresses the outgoing municipal architect.
In any case, the municipal architect bears a lot of responsibility.
He is master of construction: "In the end, everything here passes by my desk".
For support and coordination, he can count on years-old colleagues: Markus Neumaier (building construction) has been there ten years, Manfred Schöner (civil engineering), already 15 years.
Wacker also hopes that his successor will stay a long time: "We are looking for someone who really identifies with the post and wants to stay".
For continuity is important not only for a good working atmosphere, but also for the future design of the city.
Anyone who wishes to take over from Roland Wacker should, according to the city of Haslach, be able to demonstrate completed studies as graduate engineer or a bachelors degree with a specialisation in architecture and should have good specialist knowledge in the fields of building regulations and planning laws.
The municipal planning and building control office is in charge of building construction and civil engineering, urban land-use planning, land acquisition affairs, management of municipal property, the municipal depot with building yard and city nursery, and the lower board of building regulations, including preservation of sites of historic interest.
Bicycle thrown onto cables: southern railway closed
According to police, the as-of-yet unknown perpetrator had thrown the blue bicycle onto the cables from the railway track overpass in the area of Leobener Straße (B116).
These were so badly damaged in the course of this that the approaching freight train had to be stopped.
Investigators are proceeding on the assumption that there were two male perpetrators and have been looking for them since last night.
A pink scooter and bicyclist were observed near to the scene of the incident by witnesses.
"This goes far beyond a roguish prank," said ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch to the APA.
The perpetrator or perpetrators put themselves and the rail traffic in great danger.
In addition to the damage to the locomotive and facilities, as well as the time in delays and the costs for the rail replacement services, the perpetrators could also be faced with railway customers' penalty fees.
Altogether, one can expect a "considerable" sum, said the spokesman.
The damage was repaired on Friday afternoon and the rail traffic on the southern railway stretch was able to be operated without obstructions.
Almost ten passenger trains were cancelled on Friday afternoon, two of them were long-distance trains.
Freight trains were not cancelled, although they were delayed.
According to ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch, around 200 metres of overhead lines had to be replaced.
Insulators and masts were also damaged.
Red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD
Red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
But a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.
The incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
While sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.
Lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.
Cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
When the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.
In experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.
And the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.
Professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
The more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'
He suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.
Postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.
She suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.
The guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.
Mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
To understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.
The immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.
When the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
When the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.
Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
It is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.
She said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.
Potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'
Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic
Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.
The £40m signing from Chelsea started the 2-1 win in Dublin, United's final preseason game before the Uefa Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holding role as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marauded forward at will.
However, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.
"He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.
"We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."
As well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.
The Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.
"To get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.
"I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."
Boeing "paints" Dreamliner in the sky
The US aeroplane manufacturer Boeing has painted the silhouette of a Dreamliner in the sky.
The pilots departed from Seattle in the US state of Washington, but the outline began in Marquette in the US state of Michigan and drew the shape of a Dreamliner over the USA – that's thousands of kilometres.
The campaign lasted 18 hours and one minute.
The shape of a Dreamliner could be seen on radar screens.
The whole thing was an endurance test for new engines.
Boeing hat already carried out such a promotion before.
The number "787" was painted in the sky, along with the Boeing logo.
New low blow for Martin Schulz – Hanover, we have a problem
How the wind changes: when Sigmar Gabriel was still SPD leader, Social Democratic Prime Ministers always looked, with a certain alarm, to Berlin before elections.
No disturbances from party headquarters, no opposing winds from the state – that was the campaigners' biggest wish.
Since Martin Schulz has been leading the party, that has fundamentally changed.
Since then, employees from the Willy-Brandt house have been observing the events in the SPD-governed state capitals with growing horror.
What Schulz has got from there since the beginning of the year, you couldn't even begin to describe as an opposing wind.
Those were low blows.
And one after the other at that.
After the surprising end to the red-green majority in Lower Saxony, the federal CDU sees a general sign of a move away from coalitions of SPD and Greens.
"This once again shows that Red-Green simply can't govern reliably," said CDU General Secretary Peter Tauber to Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
The surprise resignation of a Green representative plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a stark crisis.
Five months ahead of the state elections, his red-green coalition thus lost their one-vote majority over the opposition made up of CDU and FDP.
The national head of the Greens, Michael Kellner, has called on defecting Green representative in Lower Saxony Elke Twesten to give up her seat.
The cross-over to the CDU represents a clear distortion of the voters' will.
Elke Twesten must immediately give up her seat", said national head and campaign leader for the Greens to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
"It just can't be true," sighed an SPD campaigner, when the bad news reached party headquarters on Friday afternoon.
Stephan Weil, SPD Prime Minister of Lower Saxony, is left without a governing majority after the cross-over of Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU.
It is the present crisis in a long line of big and small disasters in SPD state associations.
And no-one knows what is coming next.
The misery began with the unexpectedly decisive defeat in the Saarland election in March.
A black eye, no more, his comrades contented themselves at the time.
After the state elections in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia, everything was going to be different.
And it was too – in fact, everything was significantly worse.
The defeat in Kiel brought the SPD into a tailspin, and the Düsseldorf washout bowled the party clean over.
Their peers then picked themselves up again in the weeks afterwards, with some effort.
Then, just as they had regained new faith, came the G-20 summit in Hamburg.
And with that came the next low blow.
Mayor Olaf Scholz, the last strong SPD regional leader, lost his halo that weekend because he was sitting in the Elbe Philharmonic hall while his city was burning.
And because in the crisis talks afterwards, he pretty much did everything wrong that you can do wrong.
Since then, Scholz has been fighting for his political survival.
And now Stephan Weil too.
Thanks to the VW emissions scandal and his role on the supervisory board, the Lower Saxony Prime Minister had already been facing criticism for some time.
Lousy poll results added to that.
Despite that, or perhaps precisely because of that, Weil has been attempting ever more strongly in the last few weeks to make a mark in the federal government.
The former mayor of Hanover's attempts to build up his power in Berlin have not gone unnoticed by peers in Martin Schulz's entourage.
They used to let him do as he liked, since they expected Weil to be a stabilising force for the party.
Now, just the opposite may happen.
In actual fact, Weil is not to blame for the Lower Saxony Greens' party-internal strife.
And Schulz is certainly not.
For the time being, therefore, their peers are taking pains to keep their ranks closed.
Their anger is directed towards the Greens, and above all, at the defecting parliamentarian Twesten.
"It is unacceptable and harmful to democracy how Ms Twesten places her own career interests above the interests of all others," says Matthias Miersch, head of the left wing in the SPD parliamentary group, to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Ms Twesten was voted into parliament not for her person, as a direct candidate, but on a Lower Saxony Green Party ticket, continued the Lower Saxony member of parliament.
The logical conclusion would be for her to give up her seat.
Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD parliamentary group, deplored the "undemocratic manoeuvre".
"The will of the voters four years ago was clear: the people made Stephan Weil Prime Minister," said Oppermann, who as frontrunner is leading the Lower Saxony SPD into the Bundestag elections, to the RND.
"Now the personal career notions of a future CDU representative is distorting the electoral result," continued Oppermann.
He called for light to be shed on the circumstances surrounding the matter.
I want to know whether there was anything more there, or if additional commitments were made to the Lower Saxony CDU.
Grant money for Town Centre III
Anyone who wants to renovate their outdated house will soon be able to get support from the state.
Mayor Albert Schindler and three representatives for STEG urban development provided information about this on Wednesday in Empfingen.
At the beginning of the information session, Schindler once more cast a glimpse back to what has been the case so far.
Since 1991, there have been regeneration areas in Empfingen.
Back then, in regeneration area I, from 1991 to 2004, the state of Baden Württemberg still took on two thirds of the grant amount.
From 2005 to 2016, in regeneration area II, the subsidy still lay at 60 per cent.
For Schindler, the refurbishments up until this point have been a "successful project" – it is ultimately important to support interior development too, and not only develop new construction areas.
On 4th April, word was received from Karlsruhe regional council that there will be a regeneration area III.
The grant amount is 833,333 euros, of which, 500,000 euros is to come from the federal state, the rest, from the municipality of Emfingen.
How does a regeneration area come about?
One will investigate, explains Schindler further, where the "truly old" houses are.
What also comes into play, however, is whether there is even any interest to renovate in the planned area at all.
If necessary, the area boundaries can also then be shifted again.
STEG was represented on Wednesday evening by Martin Keller, Gaby Pietzschmann and Sarah Gotzel.
Keller presented the content of the government and federal state "Soziale Stadt" programme, within whose scope the refurbishments would then be implemented.
The core of the programme is the revitalisation of town centres, the improvement of living and working conditions and preservation and expansion of infrastructure.
The measures would be implemented on a property-specific, that is, per-premises, basis.
The regeneration area would then ultimately be laid down as statute.
The appropriation period for the subsidies has been running from 1st January 2017 and will continue to do so until 30th April 2026.
First, however, stocktaking will be carried out until September of this year, as part of which, those with a stake in the regeneration area will receive a survey to fill out.
The resolution should preferably follow in November or December, so that refurbishments can be begun next year.
Pietzschmann then explained that every community must carry out the aforementioned preliminary studies.
It's about assessing the shortcomings in the urban design and deciding what will be renovated and to what extent.
A renovation comment will then be recorded in the land registry for each premises.
Pietzschmann will come to Empfingen again himself and get an idea of the location, he promised.
Gotzel stressed that the participation of those involved is an essential factor for the project's success.
That is why there will be surveys, which will be sent to citizens by post in the coming weeks and can be filled out until the end of the summer holidays.
The yellow survey is the "building and property survey", which is about, among other things, the structural condition and the intentions for refurbishment.
In the grey survey, the "budget and housing survey", information can be provided on the size, breakdown and residents of a living space.
The blue "business survey" is only filled out if business premises operate in the building.
It should be noted, however, Gotzel pointed out, that a filled-out survey is not at the same time an application for grant money.
What is more, new building initiatives are not eligible for funding.
Schindler also stressed that funding would be allocated on a "first-come, first-served" basis – the early bird gets the worm.
It is not possible to "reserve" grant money for later.
To conclude, photos of the "Town Centre II" project were shown, to "sell" the idea of refurbishment to those present.
British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand
A British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.
Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.
He has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.
The technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.
Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.
The married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.
White House Prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands
The White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to TIME.
The green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.
The Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.
The White House Military Office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on the South Lawn for the "unusual" event, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.
"I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.
The message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.
The note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.
The original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.
It was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
The Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
Records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.
"One question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.
"Sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.
The "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
But even official events have political overtones.
At the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.
Using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
Presidents are required to use them for travel.
But requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.
Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.
"The White House is thrilled with the 'Made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.
HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.
When Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.
The flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.
Unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
The White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.
A spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South Lawn.
HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.
But according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.
Unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.
The White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.
"To place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.
"These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."
According to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.
At the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
"The idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.
"And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.
And I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.
So, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."
It wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.
Inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.
"I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."
TC BW Neuss faces tricky task
Front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is competing at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
TC Blau-Weiss Neuss is competing tomorrow in Kiel, from 11am, at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
Despite still flawless results after five matches, the front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is maintaining a sense of reality.
Team boss Marius Zay has respect for the opponent at any rate.
"This is a compact team that always plays in very similar formation.
In the back positions, in particular, I find the team very good."
It is above all the imports from the high north that bring class and stability to Suchsdorfer SV.
"Their Danes and Finns can even point to Davis Cup appearances.
And they are also strong in doubles," says Zay, referring to Harri Heliovaara (Finnland), Andre Göransson (Sweden), Sören and Esben Olesen, Martin Pedersen, and Andreas Bjerrehus (all Denmark).
"It will be difficult for us, as always.
You need a good dose of luck as well."
The Neuss team for the trip to the high north is practically set.
Maxime Janvier could give his debut for Blau-Weiß.
If the Frenchman, currently still active in the challenger tournament in Italian Biella, does not make it to the Bundesliga match, then Zdenek Kolar (Czech), who is playing in the tournament in Liberec in the Czech Republic, will be called into action for the first time this season.
The as yet undefeated Chilean Hans Podlipnik-Castillo was still hitting balls with Belarusian Andrei Vasilevski at the ATP tournament in Kitzbühel yesterday.
He should also be there in Kiel though, just like Botic Van de Zandschulp, Niels Lootsma (both Netherlands) and the Belgian Julien Cagnina.
After his two victories last Sunday against the Club an der Alster, Máté Valkusz could also move back into the team.
If that's not enough for the 18-year-old from Hungary, who in January 2016 was still number one in the junior world rankings, someone from the coaching staff around Marius Zay will fill out the squad.
How America can harm OMV
Donald Trump didn't exactly look happy on Wednesday evening as he placed his signature under a bill that would see sanctions against Russia strengthened.
"In its haste to pass this legislation", Congress packed in some "unconstitutional provisions," he griped.
The reaction from Moscow, too, was as sharp as expected, and even Brussels seethed at the US motion.
After all, the bill plans to penalise European companies that help Russians build gas pipelines into the EU.
Ever since, investors in Austria's OMV, which together with other European companies has co-financed the construction of Russian Baltic Sea pipeline Nord Stream 2, have been accordingdly perturbed.
The threat is enormous.
Nevertheless, it is too early to gauge the consequences, according to the official statement from the Oil group.
In reality, Donald Trump would still have to put the sanctions into being himself through an executive order.
He has twelve weapons to choose from here.
"The press" has set out to see what the group could fight off and what could really do it harm.
Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series
Despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.
Season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.
With season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali Cartel.
Led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the cartel's leader, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) being the brains, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) running the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) based in New York.
The newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
Other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.
Season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.
Roll back in time: the city employs 46 kitchen assistants
The city is once more organising the nursery lunch itself.
With designated contact persons for the children and place in the team.
The clock is being turned back in the city's nurseries.
On the 1st September, the city of Krefeld is once more taking the catering in the city's nurseries (Kitas) into its own hands.
For Sonja Pommeranz, deputy head of the youth welfare services department, this is good news: "We were all delighted".
The cooking is still done off premises: a caterer takes care of this task and delivers freshly cooked, chilled food.
The city operates 46 nurseries in the district of Krefeld; in 44 of these, the children get a warm meal at midday.
In the last nursery year, 2800 children sat at the tables in each case, and demand is growing steadily.
"By now, it is not only children who are cared for 45 hours a week that eat in the Kita at lunchtime," explains Pommeranz.
"The service is also available for the 35-hour care option, when children stay until 2pm."
46 part-time staff are on kitchen duty on 1st September: they warm up the delivered meals, supplement them with salad, crudités and fruit, put the meals into individual portions, hand out the food, clear up, wash up and clean the kitchen.
"The workers are assigned to a fixed Kita," says Pommeranz.
The size – there are two-group and seven-group establishments – dictates the number of hours worked.
"The kitchen assistants now firmly belong in the Kita team," says Pommeranz contentedly.
"That way they are much more closely involved, and it is easier for the nursery head to put educational concepts in place."
Because it's about this too: a healthy diet and cooking lessons.
"The children should help prepare the food."
Directly linking the kitchen staff to the team makes sense then.
For the children too.
"They have a known staff member in the Kita, someone who is familiar to them, and not people who are continuously changing."
This continuity is important for the children.
The cleaning of the nursery rooms – up until now also a task for the kitchen staff – will in future be taken care of by special cleaning personnel.
This option – the separation of cleaning and the kitchen service – not only improves the quality of the kitchen's output, but also has the appeal of having turned out to be the most economical option for the city when comparing costs between in-house and outsourcing, said the press office.
And that is despite 46 new part-time staff being employed.
"But these hours don't have nearly so much impact for around 750 people in the education sector," says Sonja Pommeranz.
Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says
Elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.
Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.
"The role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.
Elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.
Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.
The Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.
This year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.
The Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.
Walking tour to mark gymnastics club anniversary
To mark 110 years in existence, Kaiseringen Gymnastics Club is inviting people on a small walking tour, followed by coffee and cake.
The walk starts on Sunday 9th July at 1pm in Frohnstetten, by the water reservoir in Amerikastraße.
From there, it is travelling to the airfield, to the Natter interceptor and over Waldhof farm, then back to the water reservoir.
The walk will last about an hour and a half.
Afterwards there will be coffee, cakes, cold drinks, Viennese sausages and cheese rolls.
For anyone who needs a lift from Kaiseringen to Frohnstetten, the meeting point is in Kaiseringen, at the school.
Men attempt to mug 13-year-old girl
Two young men, aged 19 and 23, are said to have attempted to rob a 13-year-old girl on Thursday.
According to information from police, the men approached the 13-year-old girl, who was staying with friends on Kolpingstraße, at around 2.55pm, because they wanted to use the girl's mobile to make a phone call.
The 13-year-old refused their request and carried on walking with her friends.
One of the perpetrators then attempted to snatch the mobile and the girl's necklace, but was unsuccessful.
The duo then fled without their loot.
Both young men were later arrested by the police.
Investigations are underway.
GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory
A union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.
GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.
More than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.
McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.
It added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.
In a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."
GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.
Generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
So, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."
A spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.
We had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.
We discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.
She added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.
We fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."
Did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?
La Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti
Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?
The sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.
Once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.
Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.
But was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
When Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
"We respect all clubs.
But if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
Scooter knocked over and damaged
In the night from Friday to Saturday, an unknown perpetrator deliberately knocked over a scooter parked in the Königsfelder Straße outside residence number 30, thus causing material damage of over 200 euros to the fairing of the vehicle.
Schramberg police, telephone 07422/ 27 01-0, are appealing for leads.
Police are seeking witnesses in relation to an accident on the B 215 between Stolzenau and Leese
Because a car was coming towards him in his lane, the driver of a VW Touran had to swerve and grazed the crash barrier.
On Thursday evening, at around 7.55pm, the 34-year-old from Rehburg-Loccum was en route in his VW on the B215 coming from Stolzenau in the direction of Leese.
In the region of the Stolzenau bypass, a passenger car came towards him in his lane, so he had to swerve to the right.
In doing so, the Touran driver grazed the crash barrier.
The car suffered material damage.
The driver of the oncoming car, a Mercedes Benz, had overtaken a lorry and continued his journey without concerning himself with the traffic accident.
According to information provided by the victim of the accident, it may well be that the Mercedes driver had not noticed the accident at all.
The police are now appealing for witnesses of the incident as well as the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident to get in touch with Stolzenau Police Station via the telephone number 05761 / 92060.
Interview: "Domspatzen report exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger"
The Regensburger Domspatzen report on cases of abuse exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger.
That is what author and historian Michael Hesemann says.
The final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen is still causing debate.
After its publication, Christian Weisnder, spokesman for the reform movement "We are Church," explained to the German press agency that he was expecting an apology from the former Bishop of Regensburg and current Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller as well as the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, the 93-year-old brother of the emeritus Pope Benedikt XVI.
It would be of great service to the reputation of the Catholic Church if Müller and Ratzinger were to express their deep regret over their own failures or their false assessments of events back then.
The Vatican paper "Osservatore Romano", on the other hand, criticised the fact that the coverage was measuring violence at the Domspatzen using "double standards".
With respect to the assaults in Regensburg, no-one doubts that these were "disgraceful and shameful acts" that must be punished and prevented in future; however, what was striking was the "level of media manipulation," according to the author Lucetta Scaraffia, historian and member of the Italian National Bioethics Committee.
"The habit of denoting the Catholic Church as the source of all evil is now a part of our everyday experience and sets up public opinion for considering that as normal," writes Scaraffia.
Princess Gloria of Thurn and Taxis also said in an interview with Bavarian Radio that "people love to let loose on the Church, and it is an easy target".
She also pointed out that in her youth "beatings were a totally normal educational tool for dealing with cheeky children, of which I was one."
She thought it unfair to apply current standards to previous decades, because the world has changed.
In connection with the reports on the cases of abuse, Pope brother Georg Ratzinger cropped up a lot.
Absolutely unfair, says author and historian Michael Hesemann, who together with Ratzinger compiled the commemorative volume "My Brother, the Pope" (translated into 12 languages).
"I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger," says Hesemann, for in his assessment, the result of the final report "has nothing to do with him".
What exactly is in the 440-page report that lawyer Ulrich Weber, commissioned by the Diocese of Regensburg, has produced?
In total, 547 members of the Regensburger Domspatzen were "highly likely" the victims of assaults between 1945 and the early 1990s, and 67 Domspatzen were sexually abused.
The final report said of Georg Ratzinger, who was working in Regensburg from 1964 to 1994, that "in summary, it can be determined that forms of corporal and physical violence were used by the cathedral's Master of Music R. in many cases".
When he was highly emotional, in particular, the punishment for the students could be a lot more severe.
Despite this, it is apparent that, in contrast to numerous others of the accused, many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
Hesemann explains in the interview why, in his opinion, the final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen exonerates Georg Ratzinger.
For Mr Hesemann, the 440-page report on the "incidents of the use of violence against wards at the Regensburger Domspatzen" paints a contradictory picture of the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger.
On the one hand, many students stress his "humaneness".
On the other hand, he also comes across as a choleric type and perfectionist, who would often turn to violence if one of the Domspatzen didn't give a top musical performance.
How do you judge this final report as his biography?
Michael Hesemann: If one makes the effort and reads the entire 440-page-long report from start to finish, one actually has to ask what the name of Georg Ratzinger is doing in there at all.
Eight pages are devoted to him, all in one go, and he is clearly exculpated from every suspicion of complicity or connivance in the terrible cases of sexual abuse.
The extreme acts of violence at the pre-school also occurred outside his sphere of activity.
At best, one can accuse him of having found out too late or not having taken the first indications seriously enough.
The Domspatzen secondary school, where he was active, was perceived by practically all of those asked as – to quote – "salvation", "heaven" and a "better world".
So, the vast majority of his students gave Georg Ratzinger a quite glowing testimonial, describing him as "warm-hearted", "beloved", "sincere", "competent" and "understanding", as an extremely good-natured teacher who regularly provide the boys with cakes, biscuits and sweets and was "always mobbed by clusters of children".
Only a minority complained about his perfectionism and his high emotionality, which from time to time also led to outbursts of anger.
The fact that during the course of this he not only banged chairs and threw his bunch of keys to the floor, but even handed out slaps around the face and pulled on the hair or ears of all-too-impudent boys is something that he himself already admitted years ago, that he deeply regrets and apologises for.
In his defence, however, it must also be said that such methods of education in that questionable period between the 1960s and 1970s were wide-spread amongst parents as well as teachers.
Do you remember such castigation methods?
I'm thinking of those of us who were born before 1968, of course.
I too experienced that, in a secular school, too, a state Gymnasium.
Compared to what this report is actually about, namely, appalling sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence at preschool, these are of course mere trifles.
So one cannot help but ask whether the fact that lots of media are bearing down on him in particular does not have more to do with his fame and his role as the brother of Benedikt XVI.
Indeed, lots of people are still slaving away assiduously on the Bavarian Pope who have never understood him.
But the truth is: the report exonerates Georg Ratzinger in every way!
In the media, there was a lot reported on the subject of abuse at the Regensburger Domspatzen in connection with the report.
Is Georg Ratzinger also being accused in the final report of some kind of involvement or complicity in respect of sexual abuse?
Michael Hesemann: Quite clearly not.
Not a single one of the 67 victims of sexual assaults claims to have confided in the cathedral's Master of Music.
Not once were the parents brought in the loop.
"I never dared talk about it with my father or my mother," said one of those affected, as a representative for the others, "It was always very embarrassing for me".
But the real problem when it comes to throwing light on sexual abuse was and is that the majority of victims stay silent out of shame.
If they don't even confide in parents and siblings, then they for sure are not going to to a choir leader, who after all had been a professional colleague, as it were, of the perpetrators.
How do the Domspatzen schoolboys judge Ratzinger's role in respect of the cases of abuse?
Michael Hesemann: One pupil asked put it this way: "Regarding sexual abuse... I see... no case where he of all people (Georg Ratzinger) had had early enough knowledge and could have stopped the perpetrators in question.
I also think... it is quite absurd to assume that... boys opened up more emphatically or clearly or even sooner to him, of all people, than to their parents, the heads of their boarding houses, mentors etc.
That one would speak with him about sex... – unthinkable."
So, the report comes to the quite clear conclusion: "That affected pupils and/or those around them confided in him beforehand could not be confirmed within the scope of the investigation."
As far as sexual abuse is concerned, Georg Ratzinger has therefore been absolved of any complicity.
Therefore, he can also not be accused of not having stopped it or reported it.
There is therefore also no reason to bring his good name into association with this despicable crime, as unfortunately happened in some cases.
In the media, one read a lot about "extreme acts of violence" at the Regensburger Domspatzen.
The former cathedral Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, is accused in the report of "turning a blind eye".
Does he have to live with this accusation then?
Michael Hesemann: That is indeed the big problem, that in the coverage, everything was mixed up and confounded into a huge melange of sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence and somewhere, in the middle of that, was Georg Ratzinger.
But precisely that, in turn, is an abuse of the report.
That is to say, there is a clean separation there: between the preschool and the secondary school of the Domspatzen, between sexual abuse and acts of violence as well as, shall we say, other accusations.
What is more, the report handles cases from the period since 1945, that is, from four decades, as well, when Georg Ratzinger was not choir leader of the Domspatzen.
The whole hideous educational theory of spanking, the cases where boys were downright bullied and maltreated by sadistic teachers, and from which they suffered terribly, all of these took place in the preschool in Etterzhausen and Pielenhofen, where really scandalous conditions must have prevailed.
Yet the cathedral's Master of Music Georg Ratzinger had nothing to do with these, for he first set eyes on the boys when they were already at the Domspatzen secondary school.
There, as the vast majority of witnesses stress, the topic of the "preschool" was taboo.
One was only happy to have got away from it and enjoyed the much better treatment and the conditions that were even "paradisiacal" for many.
What was different at the Domspatzen secondary school then?
Michael Hesemann: Discipline still ruled there, sure, but there was no sadistic violence.
And that applies to Georg Ratzinger likewise, in relation to whom the report concludes that "many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
So, at best, there remains the accusation of having turned a blind eye.
Yet despite all the efforts, the report could only define two periods in which he was given reports about the conditions at the preschool.
The first time in 1970/71, when he was just beginning to establish himself and did not want to hear about the practices in a school where he did not even work and for which he was not responsible (according to the witness), and then next only in around 1993.
Did Georg Ratzinger systematically close his ears to the conditions?
Michael Hesemann: No, for already in 1989 he wrote a letter to the director of the Domspatzen secondary school, which was even reproduced in the report.
In that, he pointed this out, "that in the preschool corporal punishment is still practised."
Even when facing the risk of negative press releases he recommended urgent intervention.
That was naturally at a time when there was legal clarity that corporal punishment had long been banned in Bavaria too.
Before that, it was taking place in a legal grey zone, as every one of us well knows.
So it was also difficult for him to assess where those affected were perhaps exaggerating or dramatising and where the permissible limits had really been overstepped.
But one cannot say that he always turned a blind eye.
That is simply not true.
It was first in 1980 that corporal punishment in schools was officially abolished in Bavaria as well.
Princess Gloria of Thurn and Taxis indeed asserts that it is unfair to apply today's educational standards to that earlier time.
What is your opinion on this?
Michael Hesemann: We historians talk here about "the pitfall of anachronism", that is, the danger of evaluating the past according to today's moral standards.
The Princess is quite right here.
But this of course does not apply to sexual abuse, which was despicable at all times, and also not to that which was perpetrated in the preschool in terms of vile acts and violence against innocent children; that of course goes far beyond what was accepted back then.
That is all absolutely terrible and I am glad that it is finally being looked into.
But at the same time I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger, for all that has nothing to do with him.
His means of disciplining and punishing, that is, slapping around the face and pulling the hair and ears, was widespread in the 1970s.
When corporal punishment was then banned, he complied strictly with that too.
What image of his time in Regensburg did Georg Ratzinger reflect then in his conversations with you for the book "My Brother, the Pope"?
Did the subject of corporal punishment ever come up?
Michael Hesemann: Look, the book is about the life of his brother Joseph, that is Pope Benedikt XVI., told from his perspective, so the Domspatzen played only a subsidiary role.
Nevertheless, I do not at all conceal that he ran a strict regime there.
But this too has to be said: without this perfectionism, without this demand for absolute discipline, it would hardly have been possible for him to forge from the Regensburger Domspatzen – up until that point famous rather on a national level – a world-class institution, a cultural ambassador for Europe and its musical tradition, that twice a-piece went on tour to the USA (1983 and 1987) and to Japan (1988 and 1991).
Not with biscuits and sweets alone does one all at once turn insubordinate boys into great singers, and face every success, regardless of the area, but rather, with continuous discipline, passion and self-conquest.
What kind of impression did you get of Georg Ratzinger the man then in those conversations for your book?
Michael Hesemann: Through the work on the book and beyond that, I got to know Georg Ratzinger really very well, and my experience of him was always as a wonderful, humorous, totally benevolent, deeply devout and good-hearted man, who one cannot imagine would be capable of even hurting a fly.
I regularly hear how many former Domspatzen still today keep in regular contact with him, 23 years after his retirement, visit him, read to him – he is almost blind – and treat him like a member of their family.
Those who up until today still do not forgive him for once being too strict with them are therefore in the minority.
Most Domspatzen are today grateful to him for enriching their lives and bringing them nearer to the world of music.
And for always being a good, fatherly teacher – a strict father, sure, that may well be – but also a loving person, to be respected, whom they still look up to today and downright worship.
And please, once more, just to be clear: all that he is accused of are methods of education, that back then were order of the day.
We can be glad that we have long overcome this time.
But it is highly unjust to make a media scapegoat out of a man just because he is prominent and has an even more prominent brother.
The evil intention behind that is all too obvious.
For the report that was just published exonerates him.
Now one would ask for the decency to finally leave in peace a 93-year-old man who has rendered great service and without whom probably no-one outside Bavaria and perhaps even Germany would know of the Regensburger Domspatzen
